[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 1000 1[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 1000
Number of tuples in Professor : 1000
Number of tuples in Course : 1000
Number of tuples in Teaching : 1000
Number of tuples in Transcript : 1000
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: []
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
6634513
246194
138469
151171
137666
171809
106843
117676
107879
113613
108535
121753
106844
105459
72892
75661
70113
72598
79386
67396
70066
65522
69441
74913
85243
88735
77366
69358
69262
66119
70975
76685
77234
69202
80581
78474
80099
78278
116983
93407
78686
76837
98104
78928
76788
77306
78318
83862
86196
113596
143731
110002
459885
218032
156837
150457
134539
137297
199760
120812
114120
136987
112021
139860
133206
118670
117199
116027
114251
146484
130208
124878
134114
119857
129774
132180
130480
158267
113606
182512
128461
108608
110271
129481
61136
61369
68386
67942
63968
62641
78012
64530
62060
60868
61904
60965
62227
63755
64857
61853
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
10028
5863
5011
4643
4814
5655
4837
5035
5246
5672
5080
5627
5167
4720
4563
4912
4729
5014
4687
4663
4673
4628
4949
4682
5050
4790
4842
4547
4441
4466
4494
4613
4642
4981
4910
4989
4850
5238
5955
6009
4753
5026
5744
4882
5077
4889
4835
5357
5722
4810
5742
4488
4619
4508
4393
4412
19322
4534
4647
5041
4759
5348
4370
20229
4946
4799
4650
4667
4597
5487
5320
4676
4747
4931
4507
5428
4762
5296
4532
4933
4695
4985
4993
5155
4523
4790
4768
4535
4452
4879
4842
4829
4585
4386
4623
4620
4620
4349
4890
4510
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
132540
15253
7987
8079
10335
13839
11266
9983
14625
11486
11213
11138
9849
9871
9475
9169
9015
11221
9654
9715
9149
8598
9685
9468
10486
10092
12502
10199
9639
9041
9461
10788
11120
10206
10749
12439
10818
13523
12663
15555
11856
11657
12198
11493
12696
12433
13944
12359
14882
12933
14826
12185
12286
13216
13435
12659
13655
13649
13015
12301
14144
12143
12258
14113
12732
13406
13084
12516
13216
15526
13894
13352
13662
14792
13232
16066
14417
13875
14143
16494
13695
13374
13764
12885
12860
12579
12324
13072
12668
15138
16160
14797
13693
14176
15152
14679
13444
14688
16452
14751
NaturalJoinTimes: 
76122344
80819883
57407100
48073947
56095728
54499575
48335175
56239968
54393544
48112693
55162597
53302759
47000097
53762420
52739865
46896619
54395923
52958077
47832441
55554113
53330585
46858396
54342745
53025449
46620871
54182242
52414571
47077430
53577574
52522793
46649738
53101904
53769852
46304496
53980808
53554966
46649583
53397520
52051208
50912938
52877980
51575731
51061169
52001415
51814902
51381166
52259843
51829464
50831081
52290382
51688785
50918027
52419452
52407157
50179749
52055116
51568644
50646481
52604976
51519558
50451719
52404735
51533308
50651791
52794407
52031281
50326560
52131353
51575024
51054136
52491139
51732931
50807193
52412435
51681745
50482628
52331146
51653510
50262546
52347792
51948389
51264926
52133811
51814591
50425937
52019527
51543662
50048107
52360397
51627806
50282763
52570949
52260407
50080088
52555386
52011067
50133143
52039590
51671190
50966828
52111360
52080908
50608208
51972829
51685503
50041834
52545361
53363633
51515292
52550662
51776736
50946824
52561868
52222024
51331295
53122573
52497844
51174731
52449641
51795208
55754392
52569267
51806911
50829258
53381970
53064512
51761839
52704185
52794978
50849565
52777885
52196035
50667924
52935366
52590336
50569685
52405836
51767627
51215034
53343798
52065559
50925697
53458592
52508603
66140337
53083848
52485593
51031417
53264549
52871727
52539419
53497835
52553891
51815657
53667035
51977112
51264992
52171100
51883239
52144348
53769799
53354294
52025118
52920447
52516997
52496520
53244540
51879235
51854612
52984782
51658026
52384038
53771348
52209364
50748678
52346349
52239087
52129803
52624984
51917491
52327914
53657636
53226921
53060073
52268500
52122519
51700634
53101599
52529991
52357603
53067669
52735239
52075765
53320093
52283434
52573233
53744769
54458756
52403277
52506293
52135331
51518653
52214495
51889726
53471666
54114514
53481393
52744490
57995761
53880652
53245865
53782755
52197008
52654435
53076882
51896815
52442644
52440244
51734594
50637840
53329597
52870721
51505063
52296923
52407974
52071482
52642206
52399321
51565264
52524343
52294357
51568851
52616348
52011698
51710201
52753048
53226642
51872539
53024239
53146036
52365215
52575981
52044015
51657147
53029286
51916272
51606083
52643206
53150229
52104957
70448191
52286765
51966523
52902448
52556260
51503075
53564348
52412961
51299818
53315678
51940371
51172550
53087614
52181798
50362071
52321069
51897706
51811337
54865011
53839874
53413931
53419475
51941662
51217859
52736140
52609963
51575095
52378935
52114101
51260380
52332912
51763261
51165958
52239239
51824307
50607264
52408902
52280220
50981413
52811191
51762226
50625036
52381154
51895087
50174944
52190599
51770501
50505524
52588325
52850841
EquiJoinTimes: 
84469313
42507910
38477845
38991118
36877375
37757322
36905755
37784625
35974694
37666978
36318736
37816349
35674084
37576891
36282958
37343179
35478874
37498050
36050619
36829497
34909019
37226637
36004033
37717775
35928180
36544223
62555900
37404379
36477287
37179735
36478840
37024711
36282835
37139810
36211922
37046823
36450533
37217279
36409926
37484278
36824123
36943073
36112201
36953177
36525670
36939243
36294415
37163218
36286482
37310386
36492797
37090008
36444683
37015812
36244947
37078123
36223101
37070881
36230288
36932160
36229684
37121453
36440085
37289757
37716177
37001765
36208598
37033009
38663711
37002453
36244703
37091989
36690853
37263977
36687681
37449207
36863250
37492232
36774059
37599074
36507992
37176628
36345685
37090638
36837849
37677577
36796571
37300591
36574364
37104055
37762288
37271115
36298665
37126809
36635335
37581985
36967287
37538424
35732236
38562049
36455579
39250602
35668114
38711571
35648475
38440872
36056978
38855404
36368466
39602096
35643094
39288706
35805076
39321502
35713371
41111467
35971717
38516369
36247213
39466539
35722437
39650076
36029281
39928543
36106990
38967763
35808531
38741149
36643648
38695671
35832933
39059165
35970887
39065015
35866991
38529557
36440522
40466047
36619813
39447809
36468201
39876527
36081324
39384441
35936641
38798201
35708490
38671000
36330042
40273994
36085617
38868862
36108456
38911701
35842906
38722220
36086424
38812220
36437374
41757173
36036000
39257645
35715880
39049993
35688199
38551491
36064174
39217368
36406109
37614276
35871301
37325374
35981262
37216424
35724040
36960757
36042319
36951252
36872361
37925269
36337314
37996857
35917206
37210846
35896473
38188949
35712418
37550410
39739583
36899853
36248047
37050605
36088732
37871104
35562918
36938169
35579612
37202665
35560160
36986535
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 24 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:14:03 AM[0m
