[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 1000 2[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 1000
Number of tuples in Professor : 1000
Number of tuples in Course : 1000
Number of tuples in Teaching : 1000
Number of tuples in Transcript : 1000
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: []
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
5465213
559312
234884
155342
150050
161799
223580
186590
108433
570833
98524
86703
78759
70448
68042
87698
70933
73678
69685
66867
70430
71788
68011
74472
71336
67581
72540
69932
76080
67432
65094
71311
67333
69104
67701
70024
76451
70214
68733
70896
73587
77094
70524
77781
66201
69712
65669
68653
63132
63594
64040
65552
75359
64660
65428
67695
70602
66348
63219
63897
65586
68306
63407
64197
64556
67357
73024
64454
64701
64264
64859
99654
111462
100474
117424
104310
103996
102722
104758
99853
100626
97927
115409
114201
99211
97785
95855
100338
96092
97930
97548
101261
103013
98956
101305
108629
109469
99801
100175
100065
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
21870
10370
8302
8244
7594
8039
9620
7237
6846
7088
18028
5277
5540
5096
4836
4839
5314
5057
5403
5137
4586
4471
3558
3459
3329
2908
3135
3424
2886
3107
3127
3520
3190
2887
3337
3997
3289
3211
2985
3012
3378
3686
3645
3459
3171
3187
3201
3377
3400
3157
3312
3524
3644
3423
3288
3393
3578
3224
3010
3421
3686
3551
2851
15746
3489
3124
3192
2934
2927
3189
3639
2903
2564
2563
2741
3093
2845
3108
3242
2856
2813
2796
3148
2743
2755
2817
2773
3051
2724
3020
2760
2705
2420
3219
2573
2868
2701
2982
2633
2811
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
150452
18276
11235
18634
15860
20634
20750
14778
12614
13735
11803
9614
11811
10158
9496
10319
10974
11169
12005
10410
11623
47641
47926
7649
8202
8281
7988
8270
8132
8508
8039
8440
8900
7805
7894
41137
8632
8167
8422
9114
8023
8949
8952
9434
10990
11772
10491
10446
10516
9898
10854
10348
10867
10230
10344
10395
9822
10771
9756
10646
10560
9505
10501
9812
9419
9920
9539
9591
10018
10311
10371
11125
10897
10472
11145
11862
11289
9769
10496
11228
10553
10565
10310
11358
11726
10490
11340
10588
10289
10424
10715
12088
11878
11033
10568
11001
10887
11685
10858
11677
NaturalJoinTimes: 
424389057
421387250
396111135
103594521
120565807
107915980
56859122
67405951
69141597
56005040
65874267
62385864
56005993
62083033
58612114
51310321
60644064
57244736
56959570
59655930
56890390
48616712
56845929
54062916
47462831
55357953
53294153
47929852
54677632
52921325
54031342
52710004
53734168
51686613
54339918
53147882
50718225
53512569
54191975
50827838
52866744
52117825
50995894
53120412
51957399
51081923
52643361
58998899
51328232
52872488
52510227
50590725
52984375
52532676
50713905
52941853
52158791
50581321
53452436
52326844
50564567
54152690
52168411
50709357
53423230
52413848
50934140
53069996
52505851
51122769
53083375
52399566
50644185
53242641
53506311
50797540
52777412
52336359
51319064
53743502
52324277
51065768
52901050
52170046
51324030
53111630
52257465
50642841
53021514
52295842
50622410
52866073
52554834
50784766
53009222
52165988
50737129
52786226
52225957
50724069
53125519
52306951
50705153
52869905
52157707
51813044
52870164
52110751
51640408
53007876
52477429
50960178
53082459
52154040
50684389
53223095
52409011
51476725
53140066
52476433
51012298
53022463
52313317
51244784
53831848
53125563
50827004
53085235
52667973
51372205
52506253
52113948
51449400
52909515
52183980
50971236
52781293
52098549
51522857
53532588
53096427
51111740
52739343
52503580
51227920
52765583
52195881
50920255
52791578
53567349
51419945
52852554
52181485
52600797
52536067
52895678
51813700
52758159
52265526
51022681
52752673
52206020
51397720
52724093
52048392
50840810
52767634
52071551
51250318
52717916
53102267
50850465
52848992
52117216
51184719
52763552
52068295
51601053
52646218
52104858
51565699
52899682
52182530
50849953
52732353
52288689
50787600
52782797
52093340
51042276
52918970
52174444
50983201
52844845
52147134
51006431
52970055
52409767
50864390
52759274
52043534
50920301
53486573
52179969
51192886
52972364
52315640
50813635
52623335
52023311
51309731
53326093
52378047
50667610
54097516
52672157
51162198
53874299
52671295
50683898
53234582
52825743
50727981
53743433
52710649
51420908
54053932
52455674
51234858
53310838
52435145
50859193
53301496
52245186
50748041
53444590
52664342
51196627
53155971
52680930
50600872
53199215
52590420
50693502
53375865
52563667
50741244
53525964
52888307
50679368
53089715
52355235
51330993
53074122
52314266
50759248
53177546
52403757
50937224
52918529
53303778
51221712
53110503
52815979
53365867
53300632
52423512
53638876
73907880
52502712
52728024
53216778
52526201
51265680
53142214
52561468
50685694
53126882
52576895
50793343
53329559
52762661
50710181
53955756
52734244
50922307
53325538
53034388
50812194
53007894
52428978
50658377
52942076
52374691
50891063
53252027
52733871
51308750
53149284
52817068
EquiJoinTimes: 
155146167
56780984
241609845
93792059
86234962
46470347
42935320
49403499
39783601
43893546
38079018
40728969
39493301
43460918
36515298
38257665
36219238
39670261
35709111
38904265
57499437
38364088
36172689
38444487
35842685
38239679
36212563
38180500
35639385
38107445
35790837
38108909
35677551
37964839
35672601
38240556
35862418
38079998
35822904
38115054
35606851
38106548
35647147
38026964
35618614
38153995
35741042
38159426
35770904
38348498
35787302
38107516
35643719
38218112
36104422
38062913
35702668
38058008
35704120
38146165
35689852
38123807
35685528
38054893
35762412
38076242
35913181
38111236
35724919
38023632
35711579
38134789
36107962
38164340
35806304
38122717
35745159
39305739
35707583
38171016
36081748
50819047
36552730
38150404
36473972
38048183
36413390
38349247
36832721
38009971
36539947
38024482
36575393
38032504
36498343
38034031
36506313
38152680
36576962
38148820
36713282
38078786
36513569
38106011
36460123
38000650
36621506
38009602
36436993
38161837
36737568
38040047
36522830
38066573
36535584
38022437
36572991
40082137
36520353
38295416
36462856
38053947
36587313
38296634
36466618
38037190
36515485
38020681
36507142
37932255
36501289
38011448
36786003
38119713
36509559
38053571
36425403
38027709
36583882
38156826
36712713
50869478
36244534
39349554
36262351
39283615
36529898
39358906
36274909
39971850
35869584
39355956
35720087
39393743
35712523
39371198
35829263
39335695
35641310
39226601
36236788
39419310
35982877
39317044
35831046
39292086
39380966
40267326
35912854
39247944
35784840
39261514
35665440
39255255
36102193
39223146
35692304
39255845
35736610
39236634
35882833
39276927
35679693
39324723
35725421
39213083
35811630
39355536
36329967
39346899
35819754
39643041
36747136
39428410
38635247
39352985
35782196
39269836
35891618
39409120
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 26 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:14:36 AM[0m
