[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 1000 3[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 1000
Number of tuples in Professor : 1000
Number of tuples in Course : 1000
Number of tuples in Teaching : 1000
Number of tuples in Transcript : 1000
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to successful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: []
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
4743962
260627
146022
158824
145171
164557
122680
325187
212362
123081
109665
114552
119265
167322
99840
85921
84433
184365
429649
89430
94686
87671
91223
106053
80106
76087
88922
78321
79135
79417
75079
79373
80996
90639
83468
78035
76531
83130
72601
75152
75303
83849
75497
74907
72659
70214
70736
73931
71996
69850
73074
71757
72027
70845
75301
71393
72468
69308
72944
72836
72769
69312
71441
71827
72647
71109
69114
69302
72995
69569
70947
69863
81812
73035
81063
71605
74271
79243
69976
69199
72892
70317
71731
72980
71291
72191
72177
71840
69934
73244
72415
72323
74696
73200
73695
74473
73637
83948
78240
74848
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
10963
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
44747
56681
29911
18994
11689
11250
8122
18880
3327
30180
29440
18575
30543
8454
26196
18585
11305
66152
50084
6868
7676
9788
15276
7323
8654
5409
7460
9204
5894
7873
2783
6523
8010
7631
8400
10269
4826
11306
5665
5969
6947
4222
6144
6169
2630
6376
7576
3935
9880
8164
6328
4968
6892
7127
5087
7400
6503
5260
5150
6427
7062
18500
16370
6844
4352
2586
9816
6473
6965
6244
5880
9092
6568
8855
5532
16101
9511
7646
6005
8328
5243
7965
7451
6441
4715
5566
7509
8491
10655
5852
7851
4779
6281
6343
4861
2533
10757
11402
19896
SuccessTimesStudent: 
26122
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
235368
83284
70712
75516
56839
22586
23136
25331
34935
43098
23224
29481
18971
42138
24301
25373
30583
32231
82440
103078
63165
16884
13337
72842
19168
16116
17914
13792
28346
18939
16363
14435
19258
18996
20081
20251
17832
25287
16042
20082
19025
21355
16886
18381
16828
11416
17045
18748
16953
23231
18641
19271
18280
19707
18682
19851
18587
19449
18136
26315
16284
15213
16533
16644
17616
16633
17199
19388
17751
18195
21560
18423
19876
11279
20447
18117
16401
16817
17778
18503
17371
11179
19934
20002
19077
16181
17395
18016
21359
18745
19344
19842
17604
16008
19612
20145
10519
18459
17092
NaturalJoinTimes: 
200518681
85090458
57135698
49881178
62701975
56414299
49514988
58213484
57080025
50513775
58207773
56321878
48897443
56873638
55363042
49028037
57730266
55182180
49832186
58599308
55165844
49399925
58458831
56263486
47605008
82533669
53863935
51532964
54449778
53567852
51573997
54361731
53584670
51465891
54613140
54271666
57616437
56240076
55183884
53595463
57420614
55957822
52374142
55484955
54388026
52378398
55715265
54252851
52160953
55457209
54584674
52887236
55227907
54770090
53218916
55177208
54168165
52048174
55629617
55382542
52475438
55170694
54913554
52984283
57392511
55685421
53489925
55252815
54418303
52022400
54546465
53956938
51547920
54365469
53506264
51851138
55467000
53878477
53694960
56635384
55145052
52203024
54848747
54862132
52035037
55869257
54656702
52964524
54900925
53517352
51448631
54652626
53395816
52116007
55068961
54107144
52115541
56167983
56050974
52104467
55531321
56000025
52570912
55486568
54739797
51753990
55093607
53818892
51716636
54931651
54260789
52424068
54553414
53753317
51779047
54766917
54099714
51729205
55529002
53689479
51497804
54896313
53863805
51563219
54601383
53891520
51696066
55442730
54502121
51579424
54211573
54141417
51696321
55152980
54295976
51208841
55671430
54346859
51482652
54959417
54402643
51633274
54531977
54020086
51492783
54604820
53910996
51453266
54791430
53996032
51476472
54821427
54120294
51493816
55035560
54352976
51541076
57689010
53869058
51312531
55048200
54275771
51260576
59931211
53942688
54116347
54610510
54178123
51609947
54826607
53879815
51569939
67462562
53766401
51317318
54345448
53827631
51419299
54816126
53961115
51505047
54838350
53652312
51784044
54389485
53770223
52718173
54515034
53668079
52818421
54330970
53984912
51632366
54685184
53585972
51547800
54462381
53544124
51268495
54336818
53710434
51259557
54555396
53623331
51308533
54690935
53699923
51279824
54860794
54148556
51401837
63602287
53776773
51578126
54678768
53938364
51318086
54334358
53659234
51384412
54465426
53650074
51675627
54444343
53581568
51925599
54416205
55173981
51568658
54348436
55280034
51586478
55039155
53832008
51908827
54243713
53739178
51175798
54540296
53913272
51246549
54248395
54125540
51514967
54607725
53026228
51329909
54679775
53688658
51302618
54213487
53549869
51572807
54254152
53503950
51266308
54671216
53709668
51284608
54211631
53568178
52112007
54145424
53517475
51335578
54258974
54059002
51317025
54907633
53821555
53583571
54150928
53475208
51321876
54432412
53903001
51153017
54788215
53867483
51417028
54331803
53776183
51244728
54474177
53775334
51457828
54267563
53428865
52455004
54460509
53632079
61160815
55878926
53943663
51408249
54309349
53378747
51495014
54619606
53465003
EquiJoinTimes: 
86035511
41357284
39081797
40890128
38276627
41092024
38681773
41467509
38569697
39854132
38414287
40318205
38051596
42002445
38366216
43205552
38155204
40161133
38214865
40556597
38158749
40595241
38156475
40931931
38203116
47626163
38768074
41979001
39035276
42264865
38470096
41049626
38438396
41112207
38733558
41626036
38645348
42128388
38483646
41504184
39399128
41158888
38587959
41099601
38630493
44286343
38544815
41773284
38126997
40731316
38334718
40918765
38243541
41861352
38500066
41095207
38684203
41151128
38453330
41389112
38092461
40642163
38269794
40642012
38827502
41845584
54166608
40936806
38574010
42089353
37638721
40547065
37794530
40572148
37658058
40765023
37606023
40421649
37762337
40461772
37747064
40752311
37686891
40577013
37592868
40763167
37733909
40520674
37585818
40591210
37760633
40662516
37649798
40458234
37617570
40541937
37459762
40679567
37618377
40593663
39437879
40652033
37530501
40549596
37694147
40570865
37627976
40818987
37463047
40638839
37610841
40639897
37512106
40593970
37788424
40500775
37742882
40930967
37791231
41346896
37906118
41148826
37685005
41244519
37661108
41420763
37721289
41232489
38087719
40893017
37709869
40999694
37631433
40810065
37903616
40752776
37627450
41286630
37795249
40898941
37833295
40710503
37926657
41324204
37875316
41064447
37605310
41349794
37882627
42027716
37889022
41358841
45742685
41450155
37747092
41128407
37567248
41021003
37789194
40682479
37653902
41174463
37636802
40530108
56934730
40299453
37488801
40155309
37428531
40143979
37768205
40816648
37653077
40009132
37378811
40117892
37477085
40131592
37601508
39638047
37488258
40072662
37537192
40313474
37733181
40042247
37486684
40246966
37595360
40134411
38831056
40238222
37437299
39987131
44838415
47760347
37395132
40181646
37727661
39990990
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 26 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:15:06 AM[0m
