[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 100 1[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 100
Number of tuples in Professor : 100
Number of tuples in Course : 100
Number of tuples in Teaching : 100
Number of tuples in Transcript : 100
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: []
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
3982790
139670
147194
80396
48484
23754
24771
31135
25632
23334
25983
24597
21732
29009
42976
25494
31589
25707
20657
137334
21066
25276
23981
25586
27417
22311
19779
27836
20188
25500
17329
14630
17712
22188
24841
12525
14725
61188
25593
17408
15428
22619
16516
14481
16542
19390
20032
20787
63081
67051
22463
20758
16921
19570
63611
12654
11520
15763
17591
18151
12392
12975
14456
12240
22408
13541
12092
15202
11698
20177
19099
14909
18622
8670
13792
8728
13940
12404
9361
13547
8836
8253
17348
11835
12680
9297
9241
11006
13806
12961
9562
9247
12007
10753
14099
8809
8339
10683
8373
16401
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
9179
5569
5350
4780
4930
4118
4336
5746
4330
4163
5417
4372
4545
4280
4403
4078
4727
4133
3639
5910
4030
3918
5540
3833
4294
3685
3711
4321
3854
5047
3428
2824
3701
3696
3934
2496
3479
3917
25330
3541
2753
4039
3444
2797
3825
4680
4556
4418
5119
4551
4395
4239
4042
4755
4379
3348
3025
4553
4307
4224
2992
3567
4453
12462
4354
3732
3035
3883
3021
4246
4519
4015
3526
3046
4452
3187
4037
3802
3434
3847
3114
3201
4131
3326
3683
3396
3483
4416
4641
3949
3364
3656
3781
3760
4502
3487
3202
3425
3219
4664
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
150613
7927
7922
7022
6945
6773
7583
8028
6926
6669
7787
7900
7085
6797
7192
6268
7556
7062
6919
22491
6875
7385
8337
6921
7249
7267
7221
7377
6638
8790
6569
5147
8316
9364
9431
3632
5451
9490
7077
8717
7020
10964
9454
5110
12074
10978
11504
13009
14254
13899
12966
12680
12891
13163
13366
7911
7117
17986
11636
13943
7267
8260
12687
6740
13283
9907
7798
12601
6723
11929
13830
13374
12279
7052
12218
7026
11797
12928
7578
12004
6859
6685
12939
10888
8819
16212
7138
14292
12735
12887
6517
8441
11751
8491
13570
8936
6965
12424
6248
12403
NaturalJoinTimes: 
8033573
9264143
5609100
4214209
5009510
2086665
1749899
3024454
1698987
1818392
2340608
1835843
2181511
2082340
1514456
1535186
2005456
1575788
1479162
2296132
2345103
1438093
1871158
1542690
1407508
1749849
1404747
1512017
1878561
1493905
1301233
1664632
1391965
1220188
2196770
1793533
1290291
1648620
1446872
1252139
1512591
1198799
1348223
1567886
1313911
1308916
1393404
1183532
1144362
1937223
1175765
1152799
1379224
1139851
1047114
1322500
1714277
1108351
1298406
1073290
1080923
1375253
1082325
1600405
1375131
1213374
981440
1152173
965073
963546
1189340
1513729
937656
1114008
979335
942874
1155864
1015945
1408256
1214180
1033387
970845
1190097
1035101
854904
1118735
1494707
875178
981161
1069696
846347
906831
914083
1232733
919464
898931
780798
987771
898957
787152
1454698
862046
768479
880204
802386
772531
868097
863103
811420
988708
941472
789854
963991
794640
772037
1322979
847104
825434
1005906
806681
771039
894287
914943
970306
947487
833217
768396
901975
788774
833012
1630705
828603
842608
975649
928701
864141
1128088
878875
925659
1123851
884339
838482
995238
867658
904585
1514832
871160
848704
986652
867111
815121
1066073
924137
854432
955559
895189
804936
942596
883182
778928
1374488
831021
767698
877894
825918
767089
876835
805377
806308
907164
807595
766353
884301
849236
820519
1430026
842021
768849
926853
792965
775588
876496
836218
812429
918730
798504
766321
879976
806237
785470
1529797
898666
785846
956466
798334
785886
884222
808807
808331
947189
804235
763062
873450
821522
777402
1412251
848462
815723
978724
849046
824853
972703
836930
805741
972863
868352
779386
918834
797211
772479
1402016
828201
802890
886995
794160
785259
931984
907111
815363
930623
798133
767604
897811
792876
776459
1413995
833350
788436
885332
858762
762096
886395
791316
802542
963196
887457
801678
917929
814122
768535
1471228
841733
770888
919711
895813
769263
888902
795836
791150
902555
883031
801448
1036008
849035
782752
1494037
826140
767294
880911
793222
764836
897326
861344
791827
910630
795194
774254
894731
804253
821739
1513676
839580
763069
886686
793735
772975
884959
795129
798759
899283
797076
771460
892200
792260
767795
1419528
856715
910056
959632
802393
EquiJoinTimes: 
13154983
6751927
4489597
4082892
1934563
1384652
1289671
1318087
1327762
1216224
1143137
1277746
1149844
1365018
1232627
1051188
1028408
1119668
1079800
1662746
1029458
978001
1047101
942075
874292
854615
949418
913453
1615244
990105
958826
1053194
866272
1030174
822431
778201
767744
836483
777347
783942
736136
767647
825988
769845
978540
653937
622896
656832
690588
637042
639926
733817
623638
633016
614804
611104
572431
577012
611349
620351
579587
584939
562810
597083
594572
574523
596772
583676
575767
583175
575748
567125
570544
1039764
605734
587430
572409
571852
587995
580789
567710
568771
620261
1226840
575203
577095
559442
562562
570336
575809
633465
681310
624998
1159100
624137
625113
621455
621675
633936
626274
628121
607528
586273
1106294
590422
609666
584933
581425
588006
584934
576550
573102
573450
1028869
590385
574488
701962
608044
582168
590397
568016
575203
567012
1031359
583617
570716
570961
577972
586206
587938
570719
580393
573663
1033972
579526
569351
566086
568646
609119
609879
605083
625237
579816
1017816
583484
589939
569958
580113
578271
585832
570252
572224
603850
1148477
583147
575443
572020
571863
575962
587041
574619
567846
1043374
614613
595047
589433
572732
579695
574529
585073
569775
573847
1049654
603987
583803
584690
578811
588954
582378
580880
566536
579384
1074488
603453
575040
573057
577809
598528
577348
581083
572253
576732
1026481
686241
570088
586989
568249
571926
592835
617544
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 2 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:12:23 AM[0m
