[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 100 2[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 100
Number of tuples in Professor : 100
Number of tuples in Course : 100
Number of tuples in Teaching : 100
Number of tuples in Transcript : 100
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: []
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
3607444
134726
108760
66037
37142
21674
21667
27915
26128
19891
29523
17582
26491
24669
36765
17855
24371
25954
20921
22425
22605
29945
29097
33250
22062
23500
18967
30567
21427
29773
31832
33712
22473
33572
17437
515005
25759
27319
25040
31206
35601
23530
31644
28827
24968
18514
25321
23165
32001
30367
24624
21517
29814
19070
34739
17556
17232
26031
27716
28560
23479
24985
20628
25292
19253
25329
18059
26636
32646
23276
18712
34742
24890
29731
19365
17349
23872
25198
24900
17143
22363
18617
21961
17024
26439
40349
24136
17202
32473
18267
29023
19566
35282
16833
26994
23325
23187
21748
20541
38126
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
15615
7312
6812
6599
9802
7180
6695
6360
6409
5170
5946
4990
7025
6118
6174
8147
4961
5114
5506
5156
5977
6267
6608
6005
5244
6012
4969
5986
6211
8550
7199
12912
4251
5118
3620
3361
4196
4001
3924
5477
5614
4287
4638
4360
5423
3937
4377
4034
4601
5242
4949
4224
5156
3603
5484
3460
3575
4145
4337
5559
4655
4569
3402
14555
3150
4929
3473
4923
5160
5248
4145
5187
3533
5369
4011
3702
4775
4710
4623
3856
4334
4031
4708
3355
4764
3174
4863
3333
4605
3776
5263
3338
5443
3699
5490
5005
4391
4039
3782
4803
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
121079
8379
8267
7778
10384
8003
8737
8343
11997
6135
8224
5236
8813
7491
9020
4945
5284
7258
6986
7514
7685
8965
10053
8924
7688
8925
6117
9063
7581
13141
11334
12359
24972
8711
3741
4260
7012
6736
7932
8863
9017
7680
7935
7551
11598
5162
11981
6415
11619
12052
13485
10044
10575
5609
11601
4801
4452
10477
10265
12595
12584
11197
3659
11988
4547
10975
4459
11950
9922
10709
6378
10713
4213
11592
4617
5969
11649
9854
11810
4833
68360
5032
10709
4072
10652
3764
10615
3820
11590
5151
10589
4567
13996
4155
12524
12399
12186
10289
4281
13086
NaturalJoinTimes: 
6235751
10476663
6057883
4017708
4916891
2670281
1764441
2439495
1715090
2204999
2148629
1778698
1641908
2077591
1587994
2030302
2031529
1522488
1461994
2006390
1538396
1666797
2456821
1541063
1431759
1857503
1519473
1440985
2481700
1586807
1446987
1904475
1470378
1429269
2401738
1565938
1436206
2160178
1556808
1512356
2000335
2120117
1448750
1833773
1459302
1435211
1893864
1444764
1517027
1852310
1492883
1422266
2024661
1500079
1432704
1960196
1455238
1559642
1902270
1443497
1783208
2432059
1766152
1244486
1720688
1492246
1699505
1646310
1253530
1223023
1601798
1240837
1700390
1643032
1252096
1226822
1596476
1249277
1240922
2067032
1280980
1227886
1539391
1228724
1224378
2077214
1322410
1433105
1994985
1601692
1434601
2420258
1682573
1474844
1496524
1200693
1101296
1457948
1722991
1149467
1467426
1161094
1121989
1453160
1180177
1187395
1472368
1158315
1156515
1476964
1176518
1166524
1474743
1159969
1154864
1452574
1408563
1358956
1684436
1392993
1194318
1469663
1235777
1670257
1539163
1163335
1194312
1812300
1223394
1800211
1532176
1160620
1108920
1450219
1160615
1105608
2029627
1202783
1081505
1443662
1182624
1116502
1969827
1167500
1171682
1877539
1403589
1296061
2317268
1182834
1145413
1503288
1156206
1129536
1434846
1651742
1128126
1516735
1139453
1098182
1459447
1636558
1125959
1488041
1151628
1122134
1447950
1137338
1137625
1436750
1146838
1095286
1452042
1155075
1361023
1781809
1322003
1236296
1472502
1198634
1233700
1494281
1155666
1112895
1452930
1137553
1617408
1567339
1158927
1099402
1434556
1147558
1098800
2037486
1191031
1127544
1483841
1144726
1092601
1963526
1178279
1101926
2023547
1480346
1248708
2346795
1558058
1154777
1540328
1175543
1147098
1512397
1704376
1176005
1514007
1179583
1184063
1496506
1673079
1164042
1529833
1170685
1131654
1484185
1172580
1151592
1533621
1180552
1138686
1469468
1232068
1346666
1584567
1173504
1140555
1467943
1167519
1350823
1485837
1177693
1125587
1470789
1190438
1718161
1536352
1175758
1120775
1483466
1170288
1649390
1552625
1197222
1147064
1489533
1172095
1161796
2008956
1202544
1134023
1475727
1169793
1177318
2036350
1209668
1134505
1486844
1231725
1150104
1473734
1779461
1157444
1515783
1177842
1183025
1481157
1706745
1141126
1484415
1185524
1138981
1553825
1432760
1172815
1498356
1172283
1154911
1476485
1592317
1186148
1500152
1177475
1120527
1483485
1197532
1328836
1659047
1239371
23822007
1584217
1190388
EquiJoinTimes: 
13900723
5857623
4344885
4480901
1619974
1342719
1273958
1247246
1292244
1147224
1135241
1116478
1119830
1091698
1455190
1264184
1094641
1058611
1165963
1139212
1116118
1078438
1142935
1075597
1116855
1121330
1094292
1096110
1114988
1117789
1090656
1052629
1585142
1122988
1110240
1057595
1664329
1159036
1092903
1080788
1084090
1589081
1190341
861640
1011570
885519
986085
966354
865637
863844
871243
862455
873888
854971
987014
879633
888566
870415
1078177
1071253
1016710
965752
1100809
993327
891810
838739
896768
849738
876594
837775
916207
852530
1012410
858349
1352286
876696
1026347
869464
1134146
1641619
1116880
1020351
899819
851481
916206
855087
1094880
970754
911725
865913
980411
893093
874508
880915
936674
856744
871355
884118
1014800
987191
904704
988123
867788
871581
923024
871398
866971
848864
923669
858062
892549
834683
1444650
880296
1012709
858235
1061087
1622932
1043890
1009183
864759
1367576
875051
841422
862464
842252
881553
877773
885708
845605
884591
846061
897526
864443
883783
901067
1049062
987701
983867
871471
895195
867025
935231
878494
897012
867947
939839
863208
896856
890554
1649772
993595
913743
872239
2227044
1485232
918286
865185
906456
1372372
920081
877743
903731
870599
929463
899351
901818
863688
929444
871034
894168
861074
924909
872036
889714
860828
916289
881339
896332
876240
936331
875491
1063647
883943
947706
891804
889458
896951
1559633
901905
908914
863094
1365479
921302
927886
890147
893170
872114
908811
896957
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 2 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:12:29 AM[0m
