[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 100 3[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 100
Number of tuples in Professor : 100
Number of tuples in Course : 100
Number of tuples in Teaching : 100
Number of tuples in Transcript : 100
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: []
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
3547379
124521
106003
88543
41934
51617
33471
44213
36166
37131
51075
36495
45655
37474
39104
34224
35551
34922
34543
43733
35313
36308
42983
50518
49351
32253
38451
36095
38802
41391
50202
43764
38601
44187
38354
36924
40060
38771
63470
35706
38311
36286
48788
43200
37633
41909
34902
45480
44689
49242
51910
39619
41499
32269
42026
32455
36482
44722
35296
41690
37040
34527
32584
30859
48472
26682
30323
36194
27104
33927
18596
30522
25387
26476
22930
26690
36072
18274
35738
23659
25258
19947
24649
27976
19340
24460
18190
21151
23175
24872
20149
23672
23009
20547
20304
18139
18737
18534
130190
20455
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
38363
21934
10116
20733
15714
22496
4797
10324
28118
20318
5563
21289
5685
25020
14423
17027
20519
10685
21949
27332
20365
22757
61807
42841
8644
8996
10557
5044
8849
11098
11570
10941
7229
6881
10447
10562
7816
9331
10681
37992
6212
11927
8716
10469
8526
12019
6538
10201
8187
11747
7264
13008
5346
6286
7304
6338
10573
7236
6399
7319
7171
11873
9988
14349
18387
6566
8828
8460
7322
7433
4099
7249
32811
7645
4066
6591
5160
6460
10859
8210
38077
2997
3144
4695
7364
5781
4528
4065
3609
9596
6988
5273
4948
5458
6164
7528
3948
8034
3838
7548
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
206339
8274
16901
25512
34580
7725
30806
16727
33378
21060
27915
22350
8371
16526
28497
20333
25214
26139
20376
34833
23363
22225
21815
38794
105658
11379
13011
13649
15218
13330
20223
10389
13462
19685
16699
17564
15690
13999
17951
18216
18387
12819
16234
9673
20432
22378
18136
18010
20567
21438
26172
24996
26014
14341
23927
12951
23123
18152
15517
25552
24102
19173
13046
18430
49083
12976
16299
9481
11498
21410
11917
24965
12142
16570
11426
15600
19807
6795
19973
17455
19480
15010
17828
18843
11456
17843
9541
15197
13908
13012
16729
17899
16532
14860
15215
10156
8306
11183
66796
10993
NaturalJoinTimes: 
6745137
8199382
4437764
3491153
4345574
2862029
2645458
3624171
2850038
2614591
3451143
2834621
2729843
3447061
3418513
2596001
3421622
2781231
2687792
4064034
2826327
2646134
3364508
2833315
3160805
3479565
2778216
2588050
3366097
2928170
2688906
3408002
2823857
2603318
3399235
3409609
2634664
3590359
2842157
2758010
4077471
2785850
2630670
3340537
2827263
3249990
3434457
2798657
2604688
3382584
2771566
2701720
3556298
2785621
2613567
3893886
2872207
2796398
3372827
2778265
3195486
4294204
2902524
2954515
3806172
3087983
2463977
3085339
2587459
2362343
3057688
3044961
2356408
3115132
2530641
2403772
3612636
2640590
2379068
3103536
2558610
2977909
3159204
2589068
2333281
3048327
2650050
2443956
3848148
3153266
2418010
3087002
3654016
2296673
3029828
2512295
2298412
3632894
2603109
2445179
3076993
2529889
2858377
3114770
2511164
2287013
3080535
2509731
2314320
3048843
2503326
2298591
3013609
3069280
2352496
2968920
2559195
2793995
3951247
2548565
2300018
3027774
2561055
2362875
3045656
2487562
2271650
3396112
2622688
2343404
2996412
2508181
2289320
3589403
2526753
2316287
3002275
2537252
2815446
3114924
2488526
2274647
2981515
2463514
2320905
3399140
3050516
2707119
3095966
3147672
2352947
3040169
2551205
2338179
3664257
2583673
2327318
3003714
2557118
2913647
3138787
2496277
2332955
3053598
2536656
2373711
3027038
2512242
2321710
3019947
3138676
2332750
3110835
2534638
2325661
3673490
2604680
2331336
3051343
2522100
3016452
3152087
2522600
2352235
3006505
2497866
2347933
3119305
2333617
2129024
3019540
2011784
1639827
1959991
1660263
1605280
2529176
1625373
1156260
1436405
1141092
1183534
1495178
1141732
1165802
1409914
1771375
1192755
1433220
1145511
1142021
1998172
1236157
1168513
1446745
1145692
1767493
1485459
1160522
1192365
1423576
1172131
1212143
1452481
1132669
1417521
1500902
1728361
1182094
1413669
1132365
1152946
2019178
1377298
1269001
1542592
1141694
1644121
1655315
1318304
1155956
1407119
1144119
1167214
1441459
1143174
1350110
2172700
1351586
1198370
1422128
1139426
1146813
2026056
1334976
1156624
1412561
1131735
1193385
1435612
1192105
1178189
1468512
1135592
1169966
1418569
28345816
1445554
2075544
1449487
1824527
2058313
1642980
1622056
2054788
1499420
1553796
2048251
1655819
1603422
2034653
1508551
1583141
2051116
1500232
1566112
2048613
1519898
1550837
2019440
1546317
1582177
2077489
1502768
1870846
2583878
1726738
1770292
2449517
2779800
EquiJoinTimes: 
15584465
6234551
2640288
2498833
2559150
2513497
2299333
3068556
2417280
2464069
2313227
2483006
2297879
2440174
2822633
2503959
2290980
2444808
2389322
2495158
2775971
2556006
2327089
2452241
2309686
2495279
2330690
2442384
2277063
2459841
2294655
2460862
2285148
2452556
2976460
2508580
2378632
2473053
2298194
2523736
2279845
2454149
11428416
7371348
2420743
2665075
2252125
2323806
2051427
2215993
1977669
2214821
2007096
2227743
2113976
2181751
1998415
2180858
2442350
2849278
2658895
2483551
2004021
2180951
1976575
2148623
2179864
2413139
2011915
2291943
1969300
2188273
2668954
2209844
1974499
2153797
2188948
2207206
2460933
2733877
1993622
2186275
2024550
2715997
2027047
2182964
2630872
2256983
1988525
2187691
2121912
2237132
1966605
2167382
2058590
2207109
1971292
2754024
2377866
2541274
2102278
2376413
2043819
2212759
2039946
2236014
2170247
2229833
2038740
2220751
2581756
2266689
2029888
2234742
2036951
2230525
2160500
2234128
2216176
2219902
2063114
2207849
2020101
2227779
2595568
2294141
1891977
2008471
1437766
1461129
1427236
1427934
1474709
965616
923766
1423119
927411
921595
967463
922120
916073
909135
927620
915321
916504
913977
1156868
917911
1456133
947533
1094295
1017001
931878
916865
936044
963665
1124626
1037798
1119565
974866
936782
935468
1473601
930481
920276
922831
923594
913892
905956
913558
929490
902519
907544
1505024
916905
904516
909021
912568
1257440
1394371
973530
925826
1336099
1202011
1217506
1221632
1538065
1219659
1239526
1162344
1210987
1198085
1229784
1155084
1236810
1182661
1633560
1390297
1428032
1352313
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 2 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:12:37 AM[0m
