[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 2000 3[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 2000
Number of tuples in Professor : 2000
Number of tuples in Course : 2000
Number of tuples in Teaching : 2000
Number of tuples in Transcript : 2000
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: [149148, 151622]
149148
151622
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
6126962
363322
308506
211673
177786
154477
154083
163905
157398
152293
174009
152022
152600
151757
157880
195689
194491
159177
156658
161583
148985
149119
146287
157995
147306
148296
146575
144983
165520
149050
146319
371017
267584
201356
295601
148791
172828
149420
152860
149036
166723
162458
149546
166288
148281
147223
179269
161564
147807
149139
149676
151945
149703
153158
148837
188153
158092
163527
147559
149948
150384
147273
147416
159023
146785
145990
145583
149045
147761
146631
154853
145652
148165
147003
154605
149651
147973
149233
149358
147994
170125
148266
149672
149900
146704
147264
153017
150608
147822
147736
150116
148471
152622
149534
147940
148183
148783
148551
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
49641
19538
31704
15679
11414
2773
3415
7363
17927
7209
31098
28436
25442
19427
30253
18098
33370
16566
7391
48258
6441
8331
10619
6257
8897
7199
8512
11959
7442
4413
5573
6136
6139
5518
3870
5257
8386
5273
6391
4919
6316
50915
7087
6703
3264
8129
7301
4479
8260
4735
4083
6288
4982
6991
5153
8742
8599
5872
5439
5116
6166
4299
7697
21877
3847
11068
8535
8534
3040
8171
5021
4983
18096
5294
4047
5245
5409
2890
5540
7486
4891
5426
6177
5167
6233
5319
8517
6237
7558
5487
3833
10844
5889
8107
7205
5769
5056
4105
5983
6659
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
273497
32418
61419
38705
22435
20134
31880
34639
51289
35682
21878
30865
30802
30881
23665
27121
30264
76017
73117
46570
96160
15552
13196
15583
16211
14125
15445
15933
15525
17775
14042
14941
15699
15042
16196
21324
16556
18048
17328
19496
19654
19724
16263
17511
21881
16775
17941
21647
17648
19243
16593
20179
16877
18441
22470
19128
17296
21355
15780
18536
19469
18500
18272
15866
17129
11202
15690
18847
18526
17394
17978
18419
17999
29017
18780
20413
15789
19338
22373
17781
17571
25158
22455
33558
15353
22016
17643
21463
17138
21057
19036
10999
18853
11205
18388
17802
23865
16000
18036
20745
NaturalJoinTimes: 
228686765
233327020
206767145
182511095
211283319
208583025
180015017
207118015
205534107
181301850
207665834
231969018
192203309
195997997
195762125
192794270
198045884
195610894
192289193
197311718
195473607
192690920
198174474
195419191
191537707
195964755
195545582
192432972
197056224
196539395
191727751
195972375
194216243
191621320
195881548
196364906
192621855
197123853
196009474
193501036
199793075
196282496
192944294
196180276
195155014
193725715
224981929
216817001
194052401
196155313
195348487
193946114
196126965
194282535
195534173
197034222
204257132
194688070
195332619
194627710
194047403
196334294
194792287
193907090
196530867
196685510
221257577
195197920
194184898
203457671
195542422
195659739
193751820
194975632
193885191
193927114
195030085
194964352
195307805
196271118
194581570
212035549
196236368
195974754
192302570
196288273
194942788
191420366
194821222
193782764
192045154
196932926
195344951
191383659
196260840
194488625
191448557
195125658
193794689
192920943
195717203
194680929
192034694
195963176
194650891
191711345
195946333
194799820
196032914
196060787
195388168
191724604
195687641
194267733
191609842
195692235
196923416
194068883
197442134
194609870
214151682
194980580
193985011
192810522
197453932
194439711
197103581
196970697
196251151
192377731
195942063
194490571
191872428
195370768
194325294
191385345
194928509
194527627
192282256
197573760
194927611
192011961
196294497
194732203
194383171
222809004
194117141
196239842
194771374
193365125
192116216
196281845
194456733
199661912
196397819
194731566
193432425
197870242
196047732
215064844
195962695
194686741
191750629
195848556
194463250
191900429
195697469
195479602
191782264
195090149
193546805
192328074
196083373
194222027
191606266
196367429
193956798
192208926
195720877
194395890
192986701
196006654
194447180
191670109
196556028
194408218
195109448
196264780
197385179
191667193
195549741
192798995
191653028
195377062
200155842
192318682
195721427
204141313
192895576
201153615
194681742
207692255
219068670
195357882
192499423
195940863
194491824
193356210
197312611
194810006
192622950
195135572
194597244
193099586
196733158
195518260
192225923
194983579
193990444
199619756
195477273
195232593
198954440
196533570
194922720
193630071
195855632
194141141
193608884
201367925
195005733
192341977
195833445
195219006
193794258
196457194
195171105
192201741
195430131
193948355
199187765
196351965
195206481
192241966
212046524
194743777
192382598
197266325
195152778
192735530
196330536
195038500
192190918
195750313
195161076
192202651
196507376
194487864
192807108
195980321
194536886
194157261
194892157
194138236
192502067
197291641
194835329
193767114
196084750
194626808
191936927
194859647
195021280
192076886
195693700
194071209
193773016
194915809
194493147
192122560
196086314
193809473
202051441
195762858
194033601
192695425
210861758
195201059
193995628
197548610
196532016
193692307
197122220
199105796
193225941
197273724
194724061
193923795
197300335
195830902
EquiJoinTimes: 
268450537
162625688
139795254
142876745
138982001
141605585
138564878
142354331
162256025
140779034
137466619
140425251
137868928
141050037
137183986
140088306
137020836
140713625
137229706
140500484
137071527
141280199
137386305
140922454
136853235
140066793
136811660
140597342
137281845
145214673
138130729
140322651
137094559
146603922
137151915
146490391
137842369
146125359
137126911
146180451
137208289
150606683
136989122
146671144
140619909
146660957
136806999
146767925
137252157
146826670
136940895
146118019
137170376
145980867
137097467
146026420
141412068
140574255
141398462
140360882
142020361
140372974
141659521
140632695
141471331
139669848
140892072
140587375
141754928
139802180
140926166
140026887
141346283
141346408
142037169
140128284
141555761
139915791
142286731
162010755
151146711
140298300
147808103
140292647
152016639
140365145
147285785
140137009
147504118
167462227
147538629
141585546
147534536
140663437
147895972
141082068
147389427
140750377
148193425
140429914
148122613
140541149
156176978
140472005
148825134
140740451
147729114
140201424
138751743
140102573
138567011
140105056
138840789
140093231
138836714
140095400
145125822
139933590
138995729
140508227
138407934
139976032
138784921
140099859
138681555
140032668
138726659
140062216
138483038
140278009
138529244
140105880
139132122
140945611
139960524
140236746
137940212
140285430
137756196
140735357
138104519
145405733
138546291
139723803
137937393
140232142
138699216
140590468
152869344
139994241
139518653
139958836
146154642
140552092
137939238
140451993
137713026
139745532
137711903
140323544
137750482
139851667
138350214
140172963
139158441
141751024
137480249
141887875
137363166
142227610
137766556
141511866
137615803
142127943
137683892
142283900
137629630
141402655
137706111
141643204
137641058
141984723
137589987
141679182
137969326
141993166
138005489
141384523
137862454
141441474
137590799
141233504
140590895
140314008
141585293
140115394
141314273
140649410
141071799
141199408
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 88 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:20:02 AM[0m
