[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 2000 2[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 2000
Number of tuples in Professor : 2000
Number of tuples in Course : 2000
Number of tuples in Teaching : 2000
Number of tuples in Transcript : 2000
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to successful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: [215974]
215974
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
5663158
326743
343180
369352
281316
266275
178060
155867
162423
169211
159395
157804
156863
154785
169896
156919
157426
155694
156006
158055
183808
516636
285904
252293
282836
182858
185941
185020
184933
231830
183540
202345
182668
183087
183391
167915
180484
168168
179476
181209
184499
167058
167381
167638
165577
166034
175447
179953
166859
181470
179802
180522
180491
181027
203981
180041
177625
178972
190803
177648
176929
185820
179426
178309
179350
203619
179845
158637
156600
157758
157457
169868
156861
156965
157918
158252
157393
156387
184497
168837
157089
168146
155781
157983
158454
196031
156053
155059
200839
157522
156523
156464
157056
157914
157137
155634
155633
154008
155136
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
9049
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
17589
7959
10170
8093
6516
5624
6204
5284
5752
5489
19917
5516
6172
5671
5692
5153
5883
5829
5783
5622
5761
5678
4088
4224
4207
4329
3993
4042
3914
4032
4241
4408
4249
4621
4123
4404
4194
4068
4057
4192
5475
4746
4232
4687
3896
3635
4100
3814
3921
4013
4099
3749
3765
3985
3881
3741
4073
3763
4033
4018
4229
3796
7138
3932
3657
3604
4061
4019
3597
3676
3684
3773
3775
3697
3538
3616
3413
3460
3458
3667
4325
57712
3531
3736
3593
3657
4269
3733
43501
3843
4039
3716
4088
4310
3588
3807
3902
3765
4064
SuccessTimesStudent: 
13955
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
138718
13930
13540
16548
13470
11664
17442
11487
11474
12247
11340
12118
12016
12235
10863
11771
11478
10777
13433
11308
11899
50800
45661
7910
8168
8186
8372
8218
7982
9186
8784
8507
8610
8598
8372
67439
8691
8136
9230
8655
7720
9558
7877
9808
11011
10094
10228
9611
9725
9734
11877
11047
10614
10540
11676
10754
9919
11801
9980
10799
10393
11266
10580
21764
9610
11058
9666
10357
10702
10150
9877
9676
9623
10334
9708
11730
9901
9789
10403
10273
10075
10529
9810
9616
9357
10529
9862
10249
11317
11829
10519
10421
10723
10750
11359
9240
10238
11206
10503
NaturalJoinTimes: 
457253549
545100884
392811637
343575734
288086248
245686686
211083263
237950099
222472087
202126052
225180690
223190094
195496333
245739711
219008407
211801335
216016045
218062109
213111623
215711545
213143008
212340103
217477142
213536870
213398111
216387363
215973825
214969356
214505930
215494554
213193141
214642423
213315678
211345376
213769309
212818728
211220526
214534399
212878234
211241637
215083010
213173140
210902529
214583553
213437605
211602050
213964519
213140003
232524699
226828579
212751693
211267730
214258075
213284279
211496373
214091168
212608572
218410538
240284718
218777686
210117287
219752866
219785633
210175507
219906174
220499183
220013255
224476742
220557000
210606791
220314570
219348863
210625313
218890513
219283490
220400016
226206966
219179982
210400136
220148881
219368936
218978639
224339908
218031350
210425550
218863924
218701428
210005289
219671461
219865946
210526626
220026261
219956802
210567213
219757797
219304514
210420803
220134120
219155546
210130873
219248107
219786311
210074406
232340918
214552760
209755496
216499858
214974544
210258555
216983614
215014985
210201554
215738634
215872390
210083186
216064319
214941530
210000383
216049089
215961114
209678051
216420232
214288375
209878487
216228421
215470172
210332093
216124235
214736996
210167209
215141898
214379538
210017944
215673217
214269399
210468024
215831287
214090121
210134506
215736915
214056981
210370296
216143336
215453827
210292275
215976013
214179753
210048535
239770738
215616619
212081642
218258452
234553627
211401544
217055571
215296339
211604422
218579228
216547443
212048071
216249838
216526326
211611956
217853045
216334481
211483927
217507322
215365950
211823856
216971186
215191922
211336135
216968447
215479316
211449933
217051692
215497860
212037841
217958632
215979882
211998088
217097272
215565490
212083077
219236274
216939295
212297479
217938053
216345915
219682956
222272947
215589756
212654645
216246731
214313112
212212933
218993604
218742163
212989838
218833531
215384887
254167516
232540968
211662240
212144102
212728596
210540040
212075592
214391922
220507979
212451498
213517466
210366680
220094523
228540945
210654087
211462799
213132517
211466083
211509606
214557520
210990584
212394486
217901136
210538209
212111013
213612075
210425313
211981617
213386028
227664981
212303073
212299942
210622379
220043058
219452964
211275378
212059740
214010642
211110021
212102841
212543119
210360067
211521572
213434213
211153347
211611306
213214692
211332606
212502065
212685332
211570875
211707317
212773313
226251932
216012373
213482215
212722884
215849990
213028992
210816721
216263492
213317544
211138499
216307183
213076842
211133466
216138742
212502514
212256237
216100549
213014995
224500037
216102379
212594731
211862808
216077579
213060018
212119596
216392073
213326758
212128514
217191651
211424016
211359593
216163556
213548553
210606462
216227693
214412749
213451155
215960609
211923418
211195533
216237573
219436600
212202630
216056204
213663570
212595626
EquiJoinTimes: 
349946036
470651812
394805540
465687142
161263326
169354272
148287513
160215487
148471533
158860081
149054437
158711709
161115092
159920821
147882843
158297619
148619238
160353517
148110187
157888385
150668757
160282211
148626439
158593039
148816605
158750652
147846873
158182943
148146465
158213300
148715249
158157600
147929537
157942890
148243482
158222471
148198098
158382050
148396994
157913732
149187286
158127588
148940006
158759842
149371919
158427872
150479876
158724252
148477642
158795292
149031292
158519605
148727090
158194141
150568141
158207528
149600534
157866665
149233629
158441193
148976090
158280635
148453380
159840868
151452822
158776330
149332632
158098051
149505827
158914912
147946822
157433139
148759367
156915064
148212231
157558846
153256104
156954834
148417003
156718988
147872134
157392507
149012607
163124851
147991059
157004979
159217399
156570356
148018736
157165097
147772710
157579916
147883598
157112390
147661278
157272697
147544441
156775119
147775328
156899541
148538866
158829633
149073942
158875888
148539867
158990586
148666092
159469118
148542538
158937142
148701719
158966113
148997531
158721570
148425129
159233775
148777198
158611059
148897913
158552778
148402102
158556588
149513307
159106511
148619861
158781089
148691750
158979583
148646833
159202917
148581441
159005930
150500719
160111384
148467822
176379894
149061819
157830063
149477796
158420939
149694954
157690472
149388522
156907440
149916637
157651608
149317643
157334441
149171670
158002353
149445882
157673408
149324685
157314056
149910755
156653074
149394032
157579282
149034410
156406961
149436522
157533508
149267295
157469853
149453607
156880332
149224799
156992110
149168440
157575784
147164710
157070181
148027282
157856327
147304011
176063615
147261702
156590781
147265607
156418667
149248428
156970774
147598660
156674423
147199476
156812408
147417737
157062047
147358137
156676728
148447829
156667313
147771465
157317854
147665393
157145387
147986726
156467736
147681889
156880258
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 99 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:18:29 AM[0m
