[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 2000 1[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 2000
Number of tuples in Professor : 2000
Number of tuples in Course : 2000
Number of tuples in Teaching : 2000
Number of tuples in Transcript : 2000
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: [5265904]
5265904
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
365101
316924
212639
211852
210241
212570
372499
267387
224617
262536
163904
163620
163952
175593
163461
165203
184848
167636
174456
162295
184592
163192
183799
163046
162978
162324
160107
164020
162819
162975
164434
162347
162483
161340
178499
168261
162873
168053
160253
162741
159534
189471
163604
157398
156982
173377
189663
158178
177700
158529
158059
157538
156508
157984
157960
159989
157968
153470
161171
152740
166744
162047
154135
154201
164458
154645
152266
151693
153005
154890
152302
165536
153410
165758
158096
154420
183248
154636
181602
185214
181781
182578
184210
182806
180149
179983
182713
182493
195471
182024
182238
183105
209110
183323
182826
181010
181477
182594
163064
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
10005
5208
5228
5427
5790
5292
5227
5164
5376
5211
4928
4976
4764
5112
5003
5029
5558
5223
4905
4642
4865
5098
5080
4641
4976
5137
5000
4705
5383
4793
5209
4724
4709
5633
4560
5089
4993
4715
5140
4868
4632
5180
5530
5528
5666
5700
17976
5431
5183
5569
5341
4822
5649
5194
5730
5359
5565
5291
5349
5449
5125
5159
5281
20437
5398
5151
4986
5173
5063
5464
5370
5361
5292
5889
4980
5854
5013
5332
4597
5367
5486
5085
5422
5605
5320
5055
5341
5464
5536
5455
5514
5691
5109
5110
4223
4563
4390
4067
4268
4181
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
117686
8940
13485
11925
15057
11746
10688
11459
10614
10249
9844
10568
10620
10052
9727
10062
9897
9674
11474
10326
11111
10424
11696
10939
12148
10512
11543
11824
11073
10354
11027
11102
10785
11146
11502
12280
11897
10954
11676
11117
12532
11784
11638
12294
13245
12776
12012
12488
13371
12333
12396
12930
13529
14070
13108
12524
14134
13670
13334
13488
13901
15207
12963
13136
13016
13483
12914
13469
13434
13112
13855
13522
13978
14407
13518
13571
13071
13224
14125
13507
13912
13562
13035
12109
12444
12705
12586
13236
14343
13403
13639
13725
14799
57011
46134
11469
11038
9918
10795
11302
NaturalJoinTimes: 
219428821
233060286
214730882
193029999
215462473
216306748
188914736
213585045
211235983
190363930
215135527
210091959
188921836
210997110
208341195
190339334
214011667
211528796
213821840
211710132
209612107
197438084
210401312
208642142
206099887
210034977
208726353
196403893
209920401
208628990
197493855
209943372
212403918
197168526
211415636
210047321
196679483
211543952
209634390
197433884
211375671
209674547
195683269
209481004
208581340
197308410
216650094
209770524
195702808
209646106
209092870
197380744
209676501
208568733
196377325
211681856
209578965
197220594
209586831
208414397
195392230
210431215
208822169
197259334
211126893
209976685
196772268
211015722
210102651
212477762
212276271
211461039
194134313
211435405
209142234
201360844
211410690
209740948
193911347
212210826
209513254
194987068
211307376
209902756
193800071
212254828
209579745
193713402
211570887
210751203
196531669
211314442
209583787
196587792
211163547
210676162
193506054
211296104
209412668
193395976
212328845
209646182
193618028
212484918
210710769
194200781
212110218
209693649
193625617
212603428
209721579
193755820
211376966
210428855
194271270
212226939
210029077
193601573
212096884
215879597
197089723
225377186
207159076
203439093
207195121
206950408
203921833
207642143
206245613
234844869
206441422
205416532
201766670
206201492
206104029
201848870
206461765
205946867
203934383
207311845
206075620
201781055
207829562
205997415
205954918
206239455
205186412
202101479
208243082
207254734
201661491
206939570
206129910
202135595
206835905
206151252
202220778
207814068
206015657
202193564
206852849
206616671
201906273
208315023
204971594
201619277
207152606
205235257
207705857
206528409
205372384
201514132
206956500
227517358
200136924
205869412
206633676
203191847
213559414
205868581
201247678
207913582
206493130
202095455
207748007
206573407
204080866
207847637
204113854
200498703
205577094
204970046
199528853
206119114
205866494
252657815
205973380
204762482
203209270
205746663
204760542
200923781
205473812
203859146
200033566
206936530
205498003
200054062
205411063
204803830
199996931
209645264
204223061
199645213
206792126
205769595
201652507
207370694
209125253
201466828
205843507
205782563
199761665
206029464
204534697
200234646
205792352
206147998
202927087
206996929
206866127
207648950
209096834
208118575
200655139
227619430
209213166
204279681
210605534
209879896
204183847
210916208
209186497
206367853
211380009
211128077
204293897
221555419
209536245
204219797
211652182
209509324
203983244
210941878
208838767
205249259
211582179
208402220
204086553
211439132
209892469
204087833
211343831
209042187
205031763
212873171
209436136
205946746
211303991
210014840
204780437
211285786
210313502
204176343
211836379
210496141
204047380
210966735
209880638
204476067
211665402
209488501
205429848
210955988
210438239
205962231
212389003
209444913
206307258
211022455
208878698
205923727
210938174
208838397
205099456
224870783
208350860
205847811
207921968
207007060
EquiJoinTimes: 
209354450
156747295
147667918
159768412
151154227
151737844
151298831
151214635
146910368
163456578
147127654
163823259
146018123
160920732
149908872
161662064
150061452
161816624
150226315
161542504
149926766
161580857
149879764
161455472
150955118
161499829
149807946
162190468
149787303
161272421
150619258
161326856
150382537
162170384
149421130
161878301
149980138
161896714
149756083
163965199
149842317
161970576
149675724
162349777
149718345
161695243
149763700
162620567
152644577
154476182
153883561
153620819
152345647
154589048
152255624
155242224
152071888
154714174
152365048
155208007
152496556
156258988
152877454
155287700
152292160
155798115
152375848
155477663
152301184
155786062
153180821
155444156
153238389
155014376
152359550
157230014
153061398
154728868
152796969
154959016
153050641
154463789
152580367
158455544
152672873
158928462
153933828
158525821
152835923
158922046
152573570
158500058
152780543
159374256
153146115
158802102
152587891
158484375
152477511
158088167
152732218
158852091
153149116
158420343
152759789
158087916
153145120
158055592
155960866
167395293
152876211
158992021
152987615
158383782
152508943
158416248
153729893
152988699
154085207
153504053
153827620
153532644
154056658
155526217
154104745
153774497
153101768
152964123
153234628
152867020
153978450
152954310
153300384
152613296
153181470
153141501
153173698
153097212
153358579
153248004
154106207
153354698
153046695
153135337
153203395
152621062
153275959
153044711
154390630
152861118
153653082
153118811
153332286
152792406
162215787
154439176
153583377
152966643
152932110
161594140
152692062
158632417
152161325
158699960
152651407
158734339
152433215
159069708
152159764
159184211
152266591
158610976
151596372
158753464
152098442
158788010
152479655
159615327
153185713
159407680
152766113
159387963
152670865
161476849
152260424
161957676
152484170
167687720
151992129
158585990
152193794
162354187
152427055
159279444
152553860
158839842
152335259
159555780
149036828
152505900
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 94 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:16:45 AM[0m
