[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 200 2[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 200
Number of tuples in Professor : 200
Number of tuples in Course : 200
Number of tuples in Teaching : 200
Number of tuples in Transcript : 200
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: []
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
3511478
191829
69739
31709
44753
32355
34115
34219
39752
35398
48200
44996
554417
32311
30948
49637
31193
31095
34670
43084
34066
32552
33976
42763
39281
48224
43397
50738
38515
30243
33086
34129
30560
29685
31500
32644
37469
35521
37337
33973
43003
42912
46422
48697
32692
33757
28754
36022
34892
31723
37634
28159
28307
31307
29152
32722
28180
25814
28059
28884
27951
30516
25446
27945
27090
25987
49178
28239
29540
27391
25113
29400
30715
38434
27462
25898
31834
26377
28876
30879
26302
28698
27442
32238
26125
25491
30954
25565
27870
25748
25310
29250
27862
25600
27511
36376
75655
26299
26709
28140
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
13210
6393
5895
5939
6630
5697
5702
5579
5844
5968
5935
6555
6016
5416
5507
6065
4717
4946
5653
6726
5366
5721
5576
5962
5946
6598
6262
15721
6443
3964
3332
3929
3770
3264
3424
3547
4279
3774
3805
4176
4149
3745
4036
4443
3172
3063
3106
3477
3889
3647
3824
3509
2738
2630
2257
9047
2252
2464
2261
2608
2403
9215
2222
9415
2939
2271
3044
2287
2348
2329
2206
2096
2077
2817
2230
2266
2310
2265
2482
2399
2167
2140
2354
2995
2462
2223
2598
2111
1986
1981
2211
2164
2118
2267
2383
2657
3169
2392
2543
2096
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
104458
7907
7690
7747
9131
7545
7648
7594
7789
7797
8391
9461
8082
7341
11524
10103
7898
8323
10377
10459
9984
10607
11050
11261
11737
14546
10551
36623
30545
45069
8367
8308
7583
7598
8207
7716
8263
9556
7928
8272
7704
9376
9252
12204
10269
9994
10574
10117
10751
10947
11184
9149
9154
7748
10445
17696
8631
7302
9853
11663
9251
15584
8388
6472
57632
7639
11234
11736
5882
10846
5366
8562
4906
11283
6009
7528
9090
10962
10653
11798
8975
6884
9120
9570
7536
7677
6236
6613
7295
6631
6698
7649
9217
7332
6182
10288
10966
9002
9913
6474
NaturalJoinTimes: 
15094179
26197403
5340076
4240128
5386820
4319513
4158098
4551011
4428847
5154204
5545894
4649887
4543241
6183619
4795444
4330307
6064887
4730551
4349151
6213948
4561388
4474055
6287331
4545422
4420457
6134072
4586344
4350412
5415171
5115525
3906730
4638530
4567568
3600322
4407984
3752765
3340190
4278596
3546973
3447074
4155327
3460618
3310303
4076170
4044701
3391797
3963226
3324924
3270070
3888165
3357592
3935017
4094912
3347679
4482764
4965714
3998379
3997293
3930688
3241433
3094246
4455145
3299786
3069032
4371758
3333424
3207333
4440015
3283164
3113112
4393167
3341798
3142673
3806368
3877598
3453399
3781577
3905915
3111294
3739819
3768913
3086635
3755537
3221596
3132994
3721116
3241815
3152188
3750478
3221321
3125766
3760902
3362858
3180534
3758608
3254709
3171075
3813648
3193251
3629410
3752704
3224250
3569203
3770144
3211508
3572785
3858347
3215044
3175129
4327748
3315984
3071736
4292132
3265693
3078597
4342599
3260094
3044905
4306562
3407434
2872828
3467636
3670184
2879982
3355251
3658793
2887291
4119071
3748215
2674569
3118718
2942044
2717964
3122843
2775912
2756088
3125302
2796699
2626752
3135834
2803366
3104940
3199653
2799043
3132012
3160409
2935949
2595920
3677195
3018477
2603500
3099751
2806867
3229965
3470129
3197534
3216162
3486526
3294294
2705441
3034612
2774636
2817057
3081419
2777270
2753666
3074646
2793584
2728007
3018221
2607335
2693713
2921144
2662550
2588323
2804557
2699749
2604504
2810244
2593174
2604650
2792310
2932060
2602984
2915029
2629303
2592557
2855905
2607194
2597328
2818752
2596523
2635577
2817523
2584596
2747716
2880545
3158076
2607744
2802046
2915949
2725703
2903456
2630504
2696400
2835547
2628636
2767332
2823721
2632250
2582884
2880099
2597720
2660223
2809014
2601437
2569987
2890091
2683407
2733690
2808310
2609446
2644594
2792591
2601615
2762207
2798107
2584614
2865820
2902260
2610032
2735609
2836698
2681527
2591904
2956431
2765592
2580251
2865064
2632960
2585920
2911359
2592956
2640341
2816590
2584869
2566333
3050544
2830055
2575189
2793693
2581332
2565909
2761621
2636788
2610686
2840948
2601754
2602140
2779940
2659303
2571966
2784260
2571339
2570411
2744890
2554291
2626804
2845782
2591103
2581994
2776191
2570308
2601326
2770631
2571212
2656285
2755878
2614982
2574914
2919807
2566791
2596834
2760133
2817403
2617469
2798671
2702745
2663905
2808369
2572851
2752280
2859173
2592990
2600142
2773300
2586966
2585689
2773795
2634685
EquiJoinTimes: 
21772138
14646122
3697473
3945563
2791745
2727007
3059689
3014235
3214527
3179531
3160563
3164573
3139501
3226540
3163042
3189648
3581472
3188062
3216225
3172985
3135822
3211135
2838512
2843842
2685433
2590818
3014331
2584446
3093405
2524958
2897517
3085849
2500138
3095508
2570935
2515893
2516174
2820369
3139266
3067713
2371578
2364769
2382499
2368033
2372776
2377290
2402229
2371408
2568865
2585693
2455367
2360142
2405259
2428276
2503197
2394472
3051350
2402013
2968997
2397790
2920281
2462848
2449093
2856706
2380318
3201145
2344893
2341600
2365200
2368550
2346849
2352737
2449446
2354714
2348483
2380749
2438302
2370414
2361620
2339906
2496080
2254546
2226395
2203366
2247067
2212869
2402166
2186383
2531453
2080354
2472543
2076621
1960576
2558026
2061429
2053446
2002955
2032319
1989487
2037999
2005403
2029220
21652467
3384230
2477711
2005104
2080034
2024617
2214663
2418688
1956744
1987597
1945643
1986636
1765669
1863647
1824110
1908671
1839644
1906803
1784458
1857544
1810593
1871696
1791046
1861353
1766877
1872523
1792075
1886399
1780153
1984749
1896693
1913289
1799286
1898345
1804631
2002521
1825396
1877758
1787996
1880813
1843760
1880742
1778650
1886712
1852461
1907062
1781253
1888806
1907666
1946053
1791889
1966086
1826763
1874984
1784285
1908802
1790773
1891394
1783187
1874239
1809163
2065619
1784706
1862560
1792607
1872362
1774551
1972691
1791048
1878204
1772159
1854140
1766061
1871704
1771385
1907794
1778105
1866834
1784500
1858379
1930199
1883735
1882294
1858142
1790745
1856761
1779148
1868509
1931926
1877674
1821451
1873400
1773651
1968958
1784997
1868791
1865720
1857263
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 3 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:12:52 AM[0m
