[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 200 1[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 200
Number of tuples in Professor : 200
Number of tuples in Course : 200
Number of tuples in Teaching : 200
Number of tuples in Transcript : 200
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: []
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
3999732
421177
137003
65812
47080
33027
37398
43605
28170
28828
63541
45766
25464
27365
27877
61123
48709
21676
26563
30572
35112
25441
24940
25719
22782
22985
23771
43112
28038
15798
16682
21977
29858
15486
16162
18891
32853
16391
15194
16089
30568
17241
15459
19660
26113
17164
15444
18478
19135
29668
17868
15588
18349
26036
15915
27660
19133
28382
18504
52142
16987
15990
15941
14630
14853
14465
14221
14097
14240
14323
13929
19556
26520
22320
15533
14031
16659
14616
18030
16147
14824
16166
19032
14897
16015
19121
21499
15001
15253
14907
16626
15607
16191
14013
20119
18438
16191
15951
13996
17029
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
8783
4740
5225
4640
5421
3927
3962
4634
3184
3336
3092
3786
3127
3583
3391
4738
3297
3160
3649
4848
4570
3470
3719
3906
3109
3405
3574
3409
3986
3103
3256
4054
4671
3397
3460
3766
4304
3665
3335
3918
3512
3369
3643
3747
3796
3428
3065
3392
3738
4020
3822
3445
3937
4107
3123
4882
3750
4332
4207
5054
10433
3799
4023
14040
3291
3649
3501
9808
3433
3304
3558
4009
3922
4899
3451
3690
3709
3298
4036
3765
3206
3847
5032
3626
3866
3973
4835
3256
3124
3132
4043
3386
3742
3375
4379
4408
3444
3975
3239
3902
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
126998
8360
7588
8140
7389
7174
6824
7329
6317
6287
6035
7548
5467
6331
5849
7752
6418
6512
7446
8787
10404
7907
8466
8625
7782
8306
8535
8979
9978
7112
8928
9431
11749
7467
9209
9524
9949
8301
9283
9907
9932
9488
9041
9851
13740
11190
10037
11253
12350
14523
10900
11764
12185
12299
12069
13821
13053
13791
14145
12217
20279
10332
9976
6818
10151
9825
7349
17177
7941
8832
9420
14839
11778
20784
10645
10339
13050
9690
10110
12792
9445
13148
14939
9531
12421
14384
14092
8514
7272
7461
13201
7290
13520
7927
14493
13361
11900
11718
7673
12815
NaturalJoinTimes: 
12279912
18378735
19692773
4078900
5063266
4599604
4016163
5628327
4341955
3915311
4919344
3940412
4186427
4746299
3806035
3514974
4807032
3571209
3139025
3751671
3986370
3154621
3629232
3233321
3112814
3506749
3140715
3541226
3479204
3045329
2946800
3913382
3142409
2932350
3321181
3071105
2889226
3467713
3075008
3569267
3406368
3006583
2866736
3726447
3411512
2894410
3078836
2849212
2781065
3101226
2885014
3285739
3322719
2974676
3060466
3997501
3124553
3077788
3546693
3288149
3151481
3360957
3053127
3100748
2965985
2726218
2589972
3402926
2765391
2585189
2924471
2685567
2643685
2941577
2689555
3189011
2941313
2702962
2587467
3461237
2761333
2645581
2940563
3215178
2633682
2889837
2713058
2689762
3056624
2726354
2640494
3470330
2828918
2644147
3009245
3342330
2679378
2942691
2699309
2639084
2920996
2730771
2803431
3420499
2776404
2623173
2882814
3317629
2878364
2910885
2736318
2623771
2914838
2694883
3125966
2984859
2715459
2608767
3456256
2751611
2667812
2921312
2716995
2828586
2842226
2680144
3077538
3163616
2894150
2692704
3409439
2762290
2616745
2854894
2652105
2622729
2839029
2683240
3060732
2865816
2674483
2598793
3346336
2733648
2575343
2846104
3253182
2597541
2853999
2779306
2699194
2924887
2688698
2600494
3383217
2711140
2567273
2895796
3210920
2602010
2844283
2682190
2837987
3215575
3171847
2715976
3650057
2819933
2612512
2957872
3406991
2656869
2955698
2809514
2643905
19050426
4648723
3210557
3201994
2945889
2729304
2946608
2835533
2738356
3042820
2728688
2734715
2988373
2874023
2729364
2931810
2711450
2731285
2931181
2823087
2658481
2873604
2685402
2777784
2893274
2700224
2686432
2890262
2704360
2706892
2870043
2698776
2706195
2855573
2681855
2693987
2966079
2832400
2808969
2970782
2688105
2725344
2876712
2836650
2718387
2853131
2694413
2688465
2955785
2670959
2706537
2832864
2707236
2688079
2857246
2696852
2700127
2986593
2700145
2739720
2912868
2679950
2706584
2887521
2690710
2700235
2854480
2705651
2733184
2856500
2755174
2712229
3168397
2701887
2763256
2864703
2713689
2719718
3035122
2849969
2702739
2951084
2885872
2827947
2878173
2678631
2766041
3122795
2693159
2795140
2843283
2681713
2782845
3003166
2816473
2792980
2866075
2675080
2731640
2850928
2723242
2850125
2834266
2679497
2735215
2868675
2762849
2883413
2870793
2769154
2711477
2842208
2739039
2980313
2870249
2671178
2699507
3131864
2680158
2867602
3004152
2761687
2704772
2935908
2707519
EquiJoinTimes: 
22115456
12766770
13946967
3894313
3945479
3205248
2946422
3491042
2894969
2998727
2685551
2899942
2624068
2710826
2395204
2474848
2729007
3128685
2284726
2306621
2189115
2221639
2145690
2210212
2708316
2299251
2088219
2129565
2096708
2163439
2357567
2219027
2577200
2234173
2112316
2198002
2116432
2313965
2378338
2338771
2952291
2459009
1967123
2032227
1954836
2021770
1982487
2033853
2430265
2077584
1962834
2042260
1965791
2028650
1976333
2045432
1988557
2051158
1965732
2502870
1983166
2117409
2016067
2049178
2022878
2044037
1985145
2615401
1946011
2036342
1944041
2040764
2034321
2054904
2455984
2098207
1996058
2068486
1955462
2024619
2066847
2092724
2429061
2244788
1970609
2029883
2027563
2117385
2052818
2054045
2460854
2204851
1944955
2000692
1988788
2042010
2003557
2026550
2067729
2049857
1989727
2551992
1948292
2031497
1950969
2041488
1958503
2077541
2390106
3784004
2005052
2095593
2010749
2045263
2068664
2107667
2039249
2093508
2978677
3844485
2029616
2065196
2012400
2041892
2028638
2035064
2033570
2121217
2027020
2119004
1933387
2081399
1933595
2023248
1938089
2028648
1966835
2026905
1940114
2016293
1943948
2144578
1954832
2026322
1954256
2023806
1998661
2017391
1942660
2087368
2020716
2086063
1949406
2026204
1985164
2025988
2005614
2019954
1974248
2019771
1967790
2025546
2077555
2038091
2005384
2023371
1936779
2097206
1964610
2029378
1969212
2023042
1995680
2028199
1937156
2029626
1945613
2025353
1941549
2107062
2068228
2034343
1990572
2044018
1931979
2004509
1954115
2038036
2041154
2067442
2094290
2040106
2059597
2201058
1936795
2046987
1945899
2032994
1967624
1998591
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 2 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:12:44 AM[0m
