[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 200 3[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 200
Number of tuples in Professor : 200
Number of tuples in Course : 200
Number of tuples in Teaching : 200
Number of tuples in Transcript : 200
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: []
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
3902990
243758
92700
47207
52509
48646
49314
52695
57838
51327
54627
52239
51066
46541
48953
65976
44681
49727
63752
40192
79415
52573
25421
24173
24010
35906
36775
72178
20182
31112
26840
28393
17407
20987
18255
17521
74742
28478
26323
20983
21007
29895
26199
18017
17318
15123
14624
21618
15926
16197
18046
16194
15449
15005
15731
16309
16155
15869
16341
15436
19909
16570
16340
15498
15549
14919
14772
16154
14755
15276
16739
17506
23925
15652
14562
16510
17530
16297
17393
15174
15216
15304
14326
16146
14962
15714
16929
16447
17035
16069
16285
15840
17747
15124
15901
15361
14979
15894
15370
15158
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
21057
19966
25443
19992
18554
25476
23579
20933
31391
21063
32388
13989
21267
25901
17703
18439
30409
44861
11678
10417
4789
3974
4887
5481
8873
11578
9770
3756
9832
55610
8103
10105
7905
3850
4078
9304
6911
7087
9955
4669
6158
10549
6609
5000
8687
4414
5833
5883
4932
5209
5326
5303
4428
2593
12620
3181
4511
3509
8156
5771
8777
5034
3803
17120
7385
4934
5213
3487
4090
2920
6366
5199
8798
5132
3373
4003
4214
5883
5774
4273
5430
3447
3702
45423
6262
5958
4189
6266
3238
5057
4664
6646
5409
8276
5427
3187
2134
4910
7686
6885
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
198606
10361
47824
27655
29189
32913
62598
47210
22705
50297
21252
34463
21909
17186
51475
39468
24972
37721
36126
19633
66675
13659
15065
18297
11299
15203
13606
18168
8197
10010
46679
8059
16199
17164
13721
13585
15235
16259
14969
14154
18763
16195
17473
15463
20000
15363
16370
18081
18293
20085
19429
14124
17148
15373
10581
15321
14051
17702
8729
16439
19414
18258
16528
14785
16250
13809
14252
15164
11411
17933
22137
15463
15993
16725
12965
22503
19480
15487
20186
17119
14834
14089
14714
11666
18925
13238
18408
18755
17529
17524
15323
13586
17239
16617
15893
12363
12130
13759
14625
13372
NaturalJoinTimes: 
16683695
25681252
13007008
4735024
6159112
5174199
4700706
5673763
4154107
4377164
4442264
3975203
4208139
5021043
4047027
3643099
4694846
3898382
3738733
4673934
4267761
3897888
4649478
4334634
3704610
5051552
3819901
3755356
5039366
3804314
5115568
5691885
5170708
5366861
5769232
4316413
4185458
5834778
4522030
4593532
5318296
4833223
4355171
5454492
4951571
3968411
5780987
4044941
3863995
5599586
3852626
3389759
4091971
3097290
3417023
3425236
2877138
3615482
3252963
2763555
2835875
2716023
2411410
2288839
2594365
2410414
2269054
2574953
2374940
2252054
2538684
2377128
2271329
2612638
3182298
2381919
2791325
3097496
2350078
3384672
2515626
2227289
3143876
2436564
2369148
3348234
2650801
2381554
3315407
2648519
2990534
2797780
2559630
2969837
2611907
2360174
2310335
2573098
2435538
2342370
2614356
2394779
2362717
2540166
2368522
2252209
2544130
2932104
2275137
2547534
2985135
2233106
3022926
2474393
2251614
3085606
2375855
2241355
3047109
2379198
2230857
3359909
2602363
2478223
2819951
20617675
2756015
2802158
2804628
2409475
2561128
2378240
2368598
2515736
2340952
2513148
2527195
2347471
2385103
2512344
2337871
2441711
2615289
2370774
2368596
2604938
2362127
2391684
2541681
2433041
2606140
2527027
2394333
2383229
2497118
2357539
2357917
2504871
2487070
2362313
2514873
2385476
2423414
2521527
2354550
2718217
2528644
2357267
2369312
2588195
2394575
2394171
2559697
2410873
2383510
2521357
2405616
2378934
2755127
2532575
2629417
2629700
2355457
2443099
2580235
2352016
2360362
2539721
2350467
2377106
2544675
2358921
2358728
2604298
2363849
2364881
2520893
2350326
2373335
2517627
2332934
2367087
2516079
2567904
2368992
2493603
2419743
2398539
2527236
2368105
2415597
2529949
2346469
2377981
2555574
2688492
2371017
2458684
2287519
2307464
2465756
2320885
2418633
2504517
2308805
2351008
2488540
2291364
2320590
2436268
2293902
2325958
2547561
2350208
2387753
2519957
2365758
2326172
2445429
2282939
2319263
2428271
2280629
2298686
2481923
2283939
2379766
2520371
2304563
2406691
2452231
2287931
2300432
2482078
2281015
2375864
2495948
2292685
2396731
2526891
2329220
2328507
2538827
2353330
2314094
2454327
2277896
2344747
2476428
2322375
2311273
2445834
2306389
2340556
2450225
2307276
2381130
2505590
2291613
2329280
2452200
2280070
2313866
2482038
2279992
2306091
2485177
2284871
2301562
2435336
2300359
2513353
2476774
2304411
2310650
2442312
2279240
2389793
2440851
2279968
EquiJoinTimes: 
21122302
14132833
4209575
4480856
3623978
3536438
3015992
2962240
3034158
3399653
3024028
3486480
3547392
2979194
2915972
3003606
3065804
2875799
2944004
2890703
3398223
3474376
3582386
3821963
3486159
4086810
3966116
3323704
3016635
3103966
3014539
2944897
2959924
3074914
2940806
2844183
2249322
2366365
2151541
2281501
2073793
2108939
1725567
2251476
1748677
2263516
2191235
1896076
2177178
1802842
1806687
1882872
1814464
1852633
1721312
1785082
1730233
1789788
1818479
1907072
1792619
1903782
1955092
3223393
1743813
2304064
1721895
2249596
2176166
1837849
2193630
1811979
1832000
1799364
1731653
1815520
1828954
1820839
1757633
1795169
1757356
1787289
1905723
1963510
1761417
3345344
3148702
2557719
1761104
1820674
1728594
1800878
1720253
1868123
1755418
1834273
1928460
1804655
1741075
1886757
1788646
1908582
1743877
1833586
1724459
1822184
1729425
1800806
1808387
1884388
1761828
1942124
1738497
1829360
1725916
1828856
1726957
1800773
1764523
1805717
1794300
1874259
1741647
1820147
1725261
1816384
1747749
1812846
1743402
1798981
1755683
1913366
1705742
1799390
1738505
1799405
1743358
1793188
1787454
1898017
1732731
1829290
1716348
1794820
1765300
1800656
1721512
1791383
1789755
1927847
1819513
1869544
1732598
1810773
1731787
1793806
1728146
1814060
1743091
1806836
1726724
1807854
1719710
1808227
1723216
1775325
1732548
1785410
1719602
1792914
1722382
1821177
1838571
1782659
1725138
1788889
1729273
1815635
1747880
1781929
1724919
1804400
1780092
1824122
1752753
1779799
1811327
1796203
1725719
1794971
1723463
1842182
1741492
1786775
1739980
1798336
1741628
1792791
1751213
1794464
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 2 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:12:59 AM[0m
