[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 5000 1[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 5000
Number of tuples in Professor : 5000
Number of tuples in Course : 5000
Number of tuples in Teaching : 5000
Number of tuples in Transcript : 5000
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: [395720, 397061, 367823]
395720
397061
367823
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
6278239
840983
370048
386639
371687
414580
454123
387879
389064
362977
357247
370962
359480
359160
363463
360168
358730
381246
360557
372431
358115
359449
359582
452464
392434
388167
391159
394977
393384
390125
365481
363609
364805
364628
410365
377457
365468
396806
364008
393821
374573
405833
410018
403899
407543
421751
369239
356382
359575
356378
360775
366725
359583
354457
353551
353865
356278
402943
354769
365030
354616
359867
358883
362156
394890
358641
360075
358499
363017
371750
359785
361650
358073
385437
362808
404243
372211
364910
379886
367956
363510
365077
375816
365629
363072
358907
359719
361230
377882
395070
358363
360541
397422
370530
383548
367946
365564
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
9425
6066
5298
6563
6063
5912
54404
6640
5702
5949
5668
5753
5858
5733
6208
5995
6536
5989
5690
5736
6112
6455
5646
5902
5952
5863
5784
5730
5506
6574
5881
5968
5792
5955
5842
6730
6013
5885
6245
5798
22917
5851
5924
5496
5611
5946
5932
5817
5496
5679
5566
5676
5694
5633
5817
6196
6154
5786
5581
6202
6590
5986
5763
22086
5506
5839
5747
5614
5840
5351
5984
5705
5809
6102
5686
5715
6114
5764
6080
5765
5938
42810
3904
11623
3983
4220
4295
4299
4169
4465
3859
4174
4109
4242
4094
4309
4045
4402
3907
4679
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
122187
15891
13238
12350
13660
12859
13573
13917
13212
13850
12546
13460
12806
12387
13230
16223
12994
14022
14077
13680
13990
13568
14004
13901
14277
14555
12989
13039
14940
13735
14011
14051
13240
13894
14262
66221
13935
15258
18523
13611
15811
15232
15050
15873
14033
14728
15176
14395
14596
14850
14957
16177
14497
14442
14694
15009
14745
16362
16042
18794
14972
15391
14788
14669
14329
15272
15055
15821
15047
15143
16015
15527
14809
15277
14474
15557
16745
15101
17111
17294
15584
15110
47861
12709
11781
12416
12445
12650
12125
12852
20702
12792
11978
13045
12032
13318
12588
12216
13125
12451
NaturalJoinTimes: 
1317530410
1363621934
1313890470
1213162219
1322484875
1314025367
1422229801
1268468625
1262020077
1394739953
1267514896
1274585659
1405896549
1269843680
1267914561
1415175910
1266245860
1260996126
1409571752
1267223596
1262169068
1386602336
1269095645
1261861593
1386962954
1266792477
1297229577
1725796075
1269650902
1282154726
1735315799
1269695630
1268281537
1728531762
1269679757
1274346191
1736073730
1269985118
1267675190
1739156498
1273316182
1287074030
1723043094
1268883816
1264592980
1728661440
1291792563
1268345594
1823010483
1293729481
1262343583
1820111952
1269650158
1262448899
1823774502
1269469396
1267878799
1824235061
1271105915
1262149763
1828450410
1266872972
1264044324
1846054895
1266826425
1260471835
1555408984
1297135247
1271435758
1968966541
1279959636
1270212502
1985322422
1281809958
1274094545
1926584353
1281348551
1271585927
1886384060
1277705614
1273756615
2076555831
1306764222
1268991486
1947858632
1278966606
1272333771
1939120275
1276334427
1270812853
1939704473
1279173059
1318843191
1419998405
1269637017
1261303192
1412673191
1292422548
1261338687
1447189585
1300417063
1264077528
1415433769
1266267426
1266529773
1413904516
1264277937
1423101273
1599203675
1315209931
1280569098
1650904704
1301384383
1278099122
2355380785
1312968338
1310169021
1671935397
1337897616
1300832124
1524711131
1282048109
1276411681
1464467911
1282298980
1272264999
1300267259
1278318643
1263663850
1357180281
1322564016
1265085402
1335099126
1276634640
1264447414
1420050128
1270387702
1279167817
1884170110
1511147196
1318630870
2095934548
1275564178
1269613808
2072915386
1285368916
1272422996
1986644520
1292513527
1297636355
2049353981
1270427357
1279976721
1911795337
1265516583
1262056747
1965436825
1268473477
1258727545
1986592250
1280800851
1263938622
1908197291
1266227283
1294357019
1634423484
1278026979
1290247874
1638810034
1280457700
1282213686
1633875401
1286237981
1312184509
1652484238
1284069824
1284684097
1742981839
1284734027
1296143220
1656760423
1298949108
1286812333
1656858238
1282982192
1279098819
1695390808
1284360569
1309862833
1366497966
1284153710
1266047857
1319175422
1269829271
1271273545
1376371021
1277649004
1269489331
1329306824
1271703636
1270638891
1345219845
1271846217
1263522145
1321869647
1701712243
1265109901
1346041102
1275201398
1267812232
1350714738
1329429748
1287355305
1303342298
1280753386
1269733034
1315148783
1301325521
1268213641
1315325824
1279105423
1263632670
1293579489
1273583579
1260384995
1290278965
1268773754
1268507250
1307307556
1271066099
1275779140
1303841663
1277818742
1266224251
1286311057
1267285817
1288061186
1499890545
1275029935
1277282384
1504625510
1278626534
1271282620
1514468341
1282878414
1272908938
1509849629
1281228077
1277857768
1483112128
1279177076
1637362428
1524135876
1586841339
1270647443
1468573058
1279649905
1271740166
1596356573
1290999725
1307602912
2102800783
1265443135
1262611481
2106694112
1267115510
1264417773
2097416038
1290351261
1263112434
2115332735
1273951201
1268179461
2070569117
1272696387
1263745287
2109689429
1270405451
1261729685
2108647897
1272270857
1268677600
2124442092
1264904547
1267296530
2392319852
1286683035
1264040100
2419183267
1275542427
1298645991
2441111030
1288585444
1290767085
2433444912
1277255845
1267843583
2421847381
1322292635
1268567573
EquiJoinTimes: 
1062288444
954012608
880779051
933959211
890871543
940760395
888468510
937018732
892154933
934135126
899233959
1026583159
888859882
933449578
898395878
933771194
892875827
934397303
916536416
936184776
918600981
924528580
916177871
924561613
917002054
935877555
916187499
924064948
916453759
925903987
921307450
925153022
892874815
930739112
894169497
931562394
895390413
932376203
897711544
930946565
903677112
932881260
896007335
932280356
894793747
931104979
896564950
949701747
890520041
949690889
891864057
949420145
891363867
953793517
889443040
957978245
890164075
996651252
890537689
949835391
889025880
957409660
908313309
938294371
910746247
936336777
915512152
937582226
907920818
942770776
911167268
935673695
908345322
943933339
919842868
940159573
962563298
944084115
1069114496
972167562
995504976
960886160
927647834
962504965
936375645
959132185
906790411
959451109
916404562
957815355
917338824
970450461
923893597
966907679
916520519
945512618
898095546
946775699
899624440
934607088
907913044
941447089
899839018
936728351
907411367
935075605
895607880
937518105
895638786
935888818
898820806
923935856
901698874
923745345
907899859
925742624
905405574
930968289
913922789
928521496
903646774
926879071
911427750
925072666
901807166
925911273
949542626
929952399
936702832
928771466
937713343
926937209
955832907
927999686
943394816
930913953
944275522
944214706
946435679
927376409
949982457
931371831
905772151
932190867
923188826
935633678
916067285
937985716
907581563
931756141
921145872
931354438
907440737
931427720
907618837
933180629
910795379
930593893
897404494
938029195
902293183
929738061
902711620
934412532
896900342
931494928
900468203
931224964
905327515
932890402
897276087
928805204
901416689
934386925
1017280428
933027658
1001053059
935275331
998023021
930631054
1000940010
936497945
1009794079
933812504
1000092958
933721711
997692783
939371418
1015323926
934908165
998112804
926546053
923325357
925543892
927647762
927667400
951621102
930934319
931295974
933050490
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 614 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:30:21 AM[0m
