[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 5000 2[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 5000
Number of tuples in Professor : 5000
Number of tuples in Course : 5000
Number of tuples in Teaching : 5000
Number of tuples in Transcript : 5000
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to successful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to successful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to successful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: [514796, 384401]
514796
384401
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
7259519
767964
764373
778214
405270
404626
404912
400219
394956
373484
373333
374267
372539
411831
372156
369856
375663
431824
366076
371795
373742
373181
619724
394654
373304
387578
399745
419596
402257
423001
456899
407686
426011
377101
375478
374626
437692
378601
417835
377389
570715
508908
510756
512041
519986
372223
426247
368371
372945
374626
376564
400095
375475
388454
385893
373583
438572
376049
378048
365509
362339
363152
363659
364232
362593
364232
411113
368834
418898
368641
370344
379359
369595
369958
362786
365176
379534
372424
425315
458918
457159
458508
424345
451132
427856
457470
398482
361890
361823
439373
362882
364926
364019
379625
380579
395169
379491
382658
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
11414
8008
7217
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
15492
7789
5921
6051
6505
6038
5966
6192
6486
6509
6575
6209
6540
6377
5942
6205
40247
4013
4692
4384
4836
57289
4708
4748
4295
3969
4536
4024
4460
4277
4124
4002
3918
4015
4156
4001
4666
4330
4416
4296
3572
3894
3795
3957
4624
4176
4182
4443
4414
4192
4467
4502
4137
5252
4432
4407
4412
4241
4327
4893
15957
17850
4332
4099
4320
4147
4534
4156
4012
4073
4831
4298
4486
4302
4963
4329
4211
4041
4122
4669
3864
4184
4567
4516
4457
4392
4693
4404
4276
4618
4187
3837
3732
3597
3912
3822
4131
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
124502
41009
15651
14246
15171
15876
17623
16434
16027
30140
15337
15612
17193
15733
16427
19337
16315
13949
53492
10690
10113
11299
12900
10184
11838
11504
10730
11426
10257
11203
11312
12610
10449
10318
10607
10637
11021
11513
11103
10373
10937
10643
10042
11850
11473
68939
12533
11913
10635
11244
11747
11715
13468
11771
11902
13605
11355
11489
11027
11206
10344
11268
11477
11581
12072
11972
10715
12114
10863
13279
10794
12769
11753
12473
11199
11308
11449
12158
10814
11607
12270
10971
46359
12160
10944
10490
13481
11518
11519
11055
21766
14004
12216
11846
11371
11400
12418
11077
11518
15910
NaturalJoinTimes: 
1265922298
1410872541
1388165798
1287966743
1386488472
1353020259
2213080070
1355038171
1346917426
2176345409
1354877909
1349175639
2181888386
1354781149
1355908174
2177235590
1349466346
1352414188
2093633232
1352001262
1352897518
1855384670
1340363733
1332773427
1681079263
1342283813
1351294817
1668865770
1339134917
1338487821
1682109615
1341294399
1346323868
1637333666
1339774040
1334900745
1639904787
1341657674
1429907541
2193436135
1335961786
1328657275
2205175230
1337454106
1334289610
2221170002
1343793488
1330642783
2205552463
1333260083
1332079800
2213682234
1336972537
1330665165
2192341606
1339215536
1370726457
1598728548
1363102393
1359615942
1635122284
1363771925
1362181838
1603544143
1357251908
1353027918
1648938623
1372999325
1362195945
1633718627
1391655750
1357440067
1600436768
1360612005
1359044860
1718024678
1386008544
1361227062
2037965538
1365479344
1365890949
2061207731
1369095336
1372306432
1949111063
1363741551
1360950398
1847505215
1367211473
1369868973
2021492383
1370863786
1360885556
2038261178
1368540860
1360545455
2039431708
1377593853
1326742608
2428145442
1356228976
1351457580
2430200937
1329698868
1327782695
2427004397
1330197848
1323403450
2440528906
1364967239
1325562309
2439087547
1333624866
1329027613
2421660355
1332607038
1326063470
1742079046
1395093093
1391340987
1788418636
1530847880
1394005364
1790462252
1395920582
1395052755
1745116770
1395024521
1368408092
1843441850
1377930162
1366994101
1803251017
1378061052
1367872002
1795455185
1380643772
1387408472
1726096050
1360449868
1349612224
1741927939
1372347930
1354361777
1735011880
1364456140
1352225654
1741209668
1365514946
1353812718
1862807638
1412310223
1449298708
1848106729
1375560794
1368658605
1780808494
1371745464
1324873561
2381315177
1339171462
1331619392
2453541311
1335638056
1329706500
2352415144
1338222057
1371633101
2333295470
1328062424
1325016965
2439123763
1345636522
1339313347
2409217972
1334095728
1327528843
2004908315
1351554553
1349089669
1660038726
1352074907
1349570268
1672073965
1352084461
1344443436
1708743880
1350838787
1349579794
1659917595
1349328759
1344278679
1683547491
1351265474
1347402234
1658788765
1350723693
1345611213
2194027259
1331560675
1329116124
2209300036
1343684182
1330378631
2173822918
1333712315
1329562598
2194802156
1336557274
1332324097
2191244900
1333349480
1334363688
2157996878
1340402234
1329289615
2359430888
1346302817
1477982206
1977996256
1372776744
1356932225
1804875838
1362980009
1356602666
1797655917
1398750458
1393631500
1684451692
1365668057
1362551169
1792268413
1364603793
1358847992
1789061597
1388485901
1357264517
1761165858
1384173358
1356565578
2483942351
1362966058
1377820081
2577795185
1361753236
1360805438
2805982978
1402610850
1420952223
2825844722
1499091386
1448093804
2588087212
1407501148
1359477412
2596477766
1381775531
1370509130
1673774486
1384659765
1367029296
1371594450
1356978419
1364163015
1337265423
1361799419
1359951653
1408920211
1376832928
1361531701
1342003548
1380531679
1377944483
1386904914
1355648942
1355064308
1505200712
1366534748
1374134651
1987780296
1332328140
1323579248
2041390136
1329253863
1329328845
2055466871
1333977795
1368421208
1989998702
1332237821
1323972551
2055945292
1353210084
1352162360
2082446304
1380547875
1369373411
2167147397
1357348856
1443856207
EquiJoinTimes: 
1289027382
1124871202
929591801
1049806257
958757160
1062833597
1248875997
1065269248
1249117743
1065495994
1246579309
1070262265
1252185313
1063632328
1250724125
1063957740
985124958
1048191004
992624299
1049567978
1037514744
1050719651
984135334
1050428283
983860681
1044502216
1045973459
1039190995
955554464
1043804607
954913714
1040003993
954435005
1066282707
951501715
1039933051
1058933621
1039457759
959787735
1042764767
958758606
1051089366
962544247
1054912607
961562012
1050525938
962710763
1048115505
963666343
1042915435
961608075
1050332174
966370915
1067755957
960846681
1069769214
959518363
1064720472
958931736
1062259580
961597735
1062886605
964235104
1064899932
965573099
1065348454
957604716
1044617340
958651025
1039567534
964042824
1182417563
956484015
1046711564
953657512
1042421775
960868898
1041373469
955839181
1087801607
949850473
1078181465
944754629
1074093144
945246280
1074937042
948827292
1077405519
947325375
1074408322
944703251
1073303453
961401918
1216368498
958902376
1192081797
967237349
1226801882
968132443
1223948603
1244377128
1227532656
995363899
1229284773
982981056
1230033686
1027923369
1057702235
964586741
1050914300
972279590
1058436658
970886072
1066580424
1015390376
1063734034
1004123803
1063320348
972388715
1075928332
955164584
1040665330
960918155
1045404352
962196605
1045150197
956824277
1042533308
958055663
1040905987
960575608
1039721203
982251706
1045583608
967068145
1053486380
965359915
1052392527
959764394
1047538127
961680990
1048733679
961351455
1047653239
992677229
1060978647
961665596
1047011198
960198805
1052599083
956784216
1045752329
994793832
1057090004
957663658
1047151230
953052164
1042126259
955293343
1044862312
977514883
1060979256
977128493
1064262276
1018625284
1070438871
1022238038
1082872448
1052515264
1069778239
972372102
1066025824
1041817403
1062389142
966297599
1049452610
984993210
1044263529
976266207
1046305143
993791516
1044679502
982187867
1043022717
970959685
1038187167
984171080
1046844784
954773717
1063654042
953167573
1047589195
960146252
1048940755
959882469
1048926625
995621569
1048415914
982184208
1065656176
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 676 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:41:42 AM[0m
