[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 5000 3[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 5000
Number of tuples in Professor : 5000
Number of tuples in Course : 5000
Number of tuples in Teaching : 5000
Number of tuples in Transcript : 5000
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to successful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: [487921, 494591, 384391, 371917, 371309]
487921
494591
384391
371917
371309
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
6805543
821286
374659
378278
423001
377303
377901
1580646
591434
393742
364731
367039
417217
446261
422989
394418
415182
407799
409312
447783
367525
379583
408840
380235
366815
385358
377082
379175
427951
369562
369771
376738
364943
375103
364709
422885
374224
477802
369722
371109
431822
371028
366141
373494
382049
367303
365744
386432
388197
390258
388813
386923
389907
366887
369347
367144
365978
394986
371515
368611
375724
378197
388144
371395
411771
403969
429613
422984
377606
370237
413823
369013
368519
371007
369072
375905
371006
372091
370923
409078
372071
395902
386013
432319
372919
430623
395864
399672
366518
395093
370107
372313
383795
371730
370234
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
18712
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
61064
36428
14889
22643
40684
21637
35416
43184
23101
23041
23398
30134
7982
3592
13003
46058
5434
10812
5887
5797
7554
7182
9334
5048
9701
9160
5612
4105
10447
9437
7628
5262
6754
8670
8621
8198
7060
6022
7774
5211
6364
9825
5227
8823
5153
5094
4795
4299
5104
5563
4263
7390
5266
5234
6759
5187
4438
7033
6915
9865
6508
5032
6907
20607
3259
4623
6340
5070
6174
7007
7256
18060
14706
8956
10416
6550
6284
6532
5149
5763
9554
7273
7139
6216
7108
6599
6457
4190
4615
6440
9340
5872
17493
7988
6926
6811
6675
7206
4321
SuccessTimesStudent: 
23982
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
319296
89059
63691
36474
106248
55007
37357
32626
41483
40828
42216
32456
35483
46913
74249
58459
117819
23668
24962
22744
24006
69188
54487
25551
19651
41689
20599
23479
21030
21727
23419
21454
23771
21392
24291
38805
24547
20158
21798
22824
21301
22805
21872
26397
22194
23220
26006
23107
26059
21435
23164
21198
22442
21437
21507
22390
23408
23783
25787
21141
22459
23078
20125
21307
35826
25010
20081
25363
22465
23669
26006
26266
15752
22815
22012
27131
23637
21776
21802
23974
22781
32978
20118
21765
26656
25058
25238
22343
29082
24859
20892
23168
22666
23251
20864
22299
20338
24922
23218
NaturalJoinTimes: 
1203195417
1332152468
1298324053
1360893428
1264902638
1275843212
1338312800
1272408586
1255396141
1438588979
1260158167
1251395605
1389442125
1281934560
1248331326
1378003611
1263788912
1241155279
1516246992
1251782105
1246013344
1361582333
1292425013
1250269293
1516530797
1249412579
1251635895
1545853343
1281826673
1258630776
1443510430
1256525198
1261890713
2332182380
1269686257
1254987765
2224017576
1370789825
1283876919
2133937600
1286346113
1272949115
2018852004
1260621295
1272104437
2065435675
1281376340
1262580163
1905317196
1271881295
1265913182
2144787991
1247905191
1254143929
1933618199
1251421344
1243630350
2109399690
1271402672
1244384408
1976148214
1253654691
1260912703
1909818422
1261912931
1272440528
1267730635
1248852469
1257657843
1250481250
1265564671
1242135820
1376009871
1254311436
1305579516
1397691564
1255588615
1275951117
1364705773
1269085654
1241388323
1303232153
1272521781
1251483878
2252715156
1252964207
1243467009
2147770046
1247405862
1250229156
2192529346
1248947454
1242819171
2246683978
1253742735
1240517471
2221645037
1253408910
1234341756
2159797060
1276826366
1244674502
2124118704
1257239945
1253329582
2138023654
1251706798
1250584619
2100285978
1247820652
1246147338
2106316512
1253334775
1252233776
2148939305
1252933837
1253931088
2186333163
1263507320
1253341510
2156245792
1255504518
1258441941
2155498673
1263098485
1252777824
2205871143
1252075991
1255195755
2332406805
1284992229
1298885893
2167470069
1256200821
1272578276
1279923456
1253588098
1286022083
1265828502
1248789207
1246182395
1265931636
1251870020
1246570212
1290267028
1256209049
1247291545
1261379493
1252549671
1247036875
1268230358
1288570444
1236390441
1814399826
1239373567
1232343673
1791573220
1238339852
1235425592
1802127243
1238024735
1239921086
1802684949
1237981460
1272752365
1788940347
1241091140
1234288758
1849167301
1394828842
1238724550
1845598575
1246501402
1298640121
1858835305
1249627814
1252988251
1862146466
1249078595
1278734639
1871689456
1284808982
1270174084
1965433648
1283229687
1263828259
2247922590
1260864635
1279402755
2244231008
1257450743
1293540333
2218781937
1280113517
1274319739
2180461021
1248241185
1247908241
2123505076
1320660308
1397643473
2194412891
1242763233
1290141499
1803423889
1243199805
1255744977
1647888057
1243100690
1244149267
2022489469
1282263612
1284508977
1889935898
1274768661
1295331141
2268649230
1268601407
1271280298
1935766481
1285159399
1288995911
2576359730
1294647177
1276869005
2114098482
1248772179
1243843346
2098718833
1250785150
1254683926
2120086491
1251487967
1240837455
2098697041
1248979666
1259857452
2268877016
1248452052
1245132555
2158125603
1393434713
1249488885
1989548734
1260988046
1252051504
1970429824
1277582323
1245998678
2515718140
1255190738
1253680225
1982177534
1244766132
1241462019
2422631543
1274422427
1298890641
2376928985
1248987611
1256498810
2589002883
1249365826
1383682627
2238818859
1253922443
1301860421
2324825244
1308810354
1250814613
2306739385
1259714997
1256870085
2344645140
1242322538
1241452373
2262496158
1256356537
1237815461
2320036646
1261951337
1258715184
2492354063
1253470963
1244323159
2256673433
1285834457
1256505745
2232820910
1262137285
1255976962
2289417269
1253198345
1244414182
2368778779
1249904697
1251905130
2468537540
1278928211
1240189486
EquiJoinTimes: 
1214383248
978378344
901905797
940240966
912499285
936470428
906517952
936417451
904999491
933043619
902497984
934194951
903395174
941542962
908283827
914492474
924342689
918700154
913466982
924622054
930324376
926732290
922164319
943704702
947848752
932912791
997168356
936931580
945964015
932782774
961592485
930561829
942425945
960110624
899294691
928659757
913398269
923165108
912472619
923302006
909397594
929330671
907933032
930441636
988276087
925510286
983745080
926904481
981578990
918055433
1026837374
918920137
993775450
924864436
984754110
920529555
954627918
925251061
959920114
922401221
952993972
924231640
968314751
924824923
951588676
925158228
951320614
922650491
910606739
925850239
918797356
926839320
921698301
930731241
931012167
932942564
926307409
933070104
930007126
940829158
914038283
913006560
912429651
916385674
927505832
921235332
940171878
913390532
923832189
916440488
952531904
923559830
1007489437
917853188
929769177
913944964
930593029
914968043
926700629
924072580
923038205
916447734
910929979
918533197
910647141
915362547
911285552
923748301
911123797
916748744
911147138
913786180
923859962
921492582
912434817
916574070
917024138
919204083
906574748
931538270
912892477
928531087
955771008
923873016
956312161
917910836
1121431330
927354096
955761419
917777706
947642048
927692643
1007440378
931102783
932407867
931999060
972235178
955403299
937967053
934599556
924976443
938065726
938833850
939760528
1015150443
955787432
1048684520
948915601
946774054
925823187
906515232
926005600
909953183
918144050
907781119
924476406
903754881
919021438
906594438
917282906
908414207
934050781
996332424
942184655
910544414
934516366
920520128
941406702
942690476
933402969
961081380
930599060
1219805951
943269893
1074863184
933369707
1061009012
939041171
1016622693
932092891
997335576
946573042
993678548
933690634
997650392
930544340
1036645761
933289303
1020870088
931421158
1021217378
929957644
1033052444
929434384
1033771638
932598283
1032865245
930827870
1008526820
935716115
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 638 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:52:25 AM[0m
