[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 500 1[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 500
Number of tuples in Professor : 500
Number of tuples in Course : 500
Number of tuples in Teaching : 500
Number of tuples in Transcript : 500
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: [144849]
144849
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
4451252
66708
61169
74607
61485
88534
75058
63442
62288
60655
89522
40124
58579
59852
58361
38675
43231
57838
42800
39774
57015
66520
62215
48283
30711
30136
41201
38867
31230
31013
33847
32895
28918
30236
29569
43460
30709
39485
29380
31965
35159
33291
31826
31351
33950
31318
33238
30418
28719
30245
30122
29543
30952
31282
35899
30980
31113
31603
30571
31618
29412
36071
29338
35870
31558
28461
33242
29217
28655
35169
28963
37709
29329
28899
40125
31021
31973
29732
32576
31179
28978
28864
28512
28495
28262
28708
30932
28909
28918
30386
28535
30854
28431
29489
33713
29171
30256
29471
28538
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
8492
5803
4788
5029
5837
4800
6612
5432
4975
5507
4931
4929
4781
5416
5300
5058
5056
5242
5059
4708
4768
5265
6338
5360
5121
4806
4602
5849
4878
4925
4623
4798
5366
4779
4377
4319
4659
4501
5319
4561
4683
4546
4397
4661
4742
4697
57335
5624
4510
4644
4233
4835
4539
4809
4497
4834
4462
4434
5073
4554
5025
4777
5077
10712
4749
5089
4677
18801
4661
4412
4566
4445
51978
4254
4397
4373
4738
4387
4628
4512
4950
4363
4225
4554
4053
4789
4370
4747
4764
4648
4305
4147
4805
4640
4729
4815
4129
4570
4324
3843
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
107545
7484
7538
7268
10286
7547
9442
11378
9789
9795
9980
9641
9664
10015
11520
9853
9097
9658
10830
9635
9782
11235
16820
12044
11016
37985
10215
11352
10087
10101
9936
10999
10528
9662
9141
9111
10141
9082
10891
9066
9901
12058
11101
11328
12600
13982
13461
45503
12745
12327
14284
28472
13303
12959
12338
13594
12681
13355
15061
14144
14288
13171
12575
14498
12366
13748
12665
13422
13431
12194
11740
12313
12239
12157
12206
11470
14014
14086
12287
12532
13297
13142
12476
12287
11478
11922
11497
13134
12636
12991
11835
11862
13566
12783
13060
14517
14365
13511
12914
11689
NaturalJoinTimes: 
35349386
43609519
15666199
13676845
16296526
14510752
13134772
15592105
14024060
12931281
15336897
14222848
12989481
15341909
14163703
13526541
14630215
14657101
13674830
14843939
14567474
13651492
15019767
14402559
12223059
14773129
13851660
12216299
14697468
13838804
12241672
14945802
13805466
12226471
14935251
13835233
12475583
14434541
14844887
12801543
14217564
14669922
12680321
14215870
14386349
12962277
14403797
13807089
12298959
14655942
13732464
12215729
15262963
14132388
12248867
14702529
13755058
12196504
14847838
13833781
12341641
13790498
13816966
12563984
15104576
15056750
13119652
14154032
13986806
14199345
14334780
13606518
15673631
17729558
13466623
13319725
13818918
13527572
13264242
13809201
14080593
13397301
13865992
13577524
13597875
13853797
13445037
13290275
13841412
13438301
13351067
13776135
13568453
13257736
13756311
13533639
13204806
13752178
13365964
13546314
14173830
13414124
13237378
14039924
13420080
13370762
14348750
13927175
13361555
14247173
13429211
13306370
13751538
13462439
13308468
14042509
13414828
13232391
14096398
13452416
13649985
13646019
13586470
13158428
13577367
13365987
13083212
13838470
13470698
13182145
13648608
13306695
13317605
13610550
13295325
13197122
13699804
13190227
13230642
13504256
13255382
13309903
13631710
13138719
13204497
13499374
13230769
13183558
13380458
13199846
13187876
13492396
13179015
13197367
13556752
13244720
13286979
13581798
13284288
13441321
13666846
13244470
13497526
13599140
13372531
13319379
13713162
13229199
13190792
13698692
13270667
13164116
13536526
13249820
13177996
13578096
13190684
13261851
13616548
13377664
13261100
13638169
13233316
13177826
13711546
13356370
13312896
13632705
13286463
13312074
13738021
13732952
13187403
13527846
13420131
13213415
13657445
13242986
13340757
13762843
13366119
13302599
13588405
13229506
13210172
13513617
13701105
14418053
13533607
13230692
13210430
13526302
13217802
13302094
13500647
13184804
13167538
13785634
13221367
13227348
13499885
13191531
13282665
13719636
13371516
13143403
13525228
13217295
13245271
13947250
13246271
13146852
13532950
13249201
13211611
13530736
13235885
13345913
13707015
13306644
13189220
13519562
13202340
13226451
13494307
13204532
13161655
13513367
13237218
13320894
13658090
13187742
13195649
13537447
13192689
13228777
13572213
13387619
13247157
13663632
13283867
13157960
13676564
13198185
13288774
13481162
13273294
13247875
13627548
13204734
13200773
13533052
13184413
13276873
13607404
13373915
13202266
13583060
13185134
13333717
13513534
13237887
14021925
13778709
13563569
13306844
13743986
13446987
13345650
13986869
13429001
13370126
13685372
13310273
13276696
13657203
13372901
13248413
13794715
13397076
EquiJoinTimes: 
45422751
16116549
11756150
11142503
10381728
10455287
9789706
10849079
10130475
11004763
9680567
10254892
9910098
10415718
9856784
10407029
9764712
9853927
9795707
9850914
9740057
9831568
9185932
10251864
9294760
10408192
9293125
9996036
9293743
9871697
9295098
9847694
9728943
9827774
9894859
9800311
9753299
9879561
9168497
10377630
9434436
10141921
9121070
9602378
9823608
10028302
9454788
9939685
9653490
36257494
9410544
9864615
9377036
9931706
9534876
10073018
9441446
9956623
9307541
9817821
9514067
9992827
9387552
9829914
10253240
9892159
9351644
9878063
9457927
9851193
9286388
9853959
9407312
9913199
9393692
9835979
9309775
9981071
9521227
9868478
9372872
9891740
9252199
9951712
9262068
9692749
9203255
9774318
9267834
9801018
9159971
9758648
9217877
9720555
9251790
9716013
9375130
9705128
9359492
9727883
9198334
9772524
9213869
9762540
9248892
9888520
9173863
9736831
9246526
9740458
9284959
9732274
9375850
9781013
9225937
10265238
9355420
9861972
9321040
9814972
9248672
9686583
9213724
9737967
9314214
9707002
9270048
9806526
9346329
9731106
9238408
9692639
9207684
9807079
9268907
9719866
9210708
9683892
9302875
9784184
9247068
9677178
9177379
9714578
9270605
9723225
9267112
9705473
9205428
9779103
9299206
9769625
9164419
9708329
9187075
9732109
9177909
9716405
9272982
9739394
9285777
9737524
9216276
10026496
9241773
9712295
9217550
9684193
9260052
9708745
9979040
9702050
9266720
9713334
9268851
9752354
9220860
9700345
9288412
9717139
9106161
9784357
9224903
9717041
9199990
9706455
9165946
9724199
9261824
21740856
9438665
9883443
9357303
9901753
9324510
9890340
9344022
9846234
9338077
9759830
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 7 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:13:11 AM[0m
