[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 500 3[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 500
Number of tuples in Professor : 500
Number of tuples in Course : 500
Number of tuples in Teaching : 500
Number of tuples in Transcript : 500
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: []
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
4971123
155484
82633
83091
79494
79512
88848
68214
73328
81550
78213
84269
59642
60011
59270
45921
58555
48863
35374
44429
42505
44757
311969
208232
52000
65990
55170
75876
58658
66999
53908
65587
52354
93516
41804
48235
50731
47326
46648
70529
47584
42523
39623
49809
37994
41195
38890
51002
47393
45858
49455
68573
44972
51017
46266
48744
50808
47113
44619
50458
64481
49626
47796
51277
51769
51239
282674
52010
48292
38368
52284
52375
57842
51316
47079
53815
61204
50128
50625
51385
46061
50454
42411
55342
50433
48948
53103
50406
48595
47271
47986
57847
46470
48481
40300
47969
47719
55194
48111
41198
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
31731
34263
8624
27422
13081
21670
21534
7302
7830
28435
11753
14844
15884
34679
15306
18112
14540
11684
31656
52815
38767
97063
5114
8045
6496
6071
18244
17347
5510
2544
7572
8070
5415
5317
5386
8933
5576
11862
7755
9384
5335
6939
7154
6969
8079
9247
6898
9517
6105
10155
6469
12445
7092
5761
7219
9094
4408
5903
6065
13501
8525
7181
8646
13227
5766
4950
7350
7243
8396
2736
8132
12869
22169
7535
7149
7783
3242
6586
4032
7279
7430
6314
7964
6636
4770
8070
6768
11026
8748
6309
6753
6108
5964
7850
5437
8872
5060
5016
8443
5311
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
352438
66749
47112
38223
28147
42683
35006
18259
27794
21043
29989
48264
28441
30144
28143
7330
8226
26781
43401
33147
45575
9386
15839
23529
17410
17132
20001
9662
19167
18483
18559
17260
15723
20997
22095
17302
22641
21783
22152
23035
19253
17394
15877
20876
18992
23579
19774
19453
19343
18215
21900
49874
22810
18047
18035
20944
21613
20092
19953
13428
23781
21301
20263
21031
22940
18400
25429
25101
17779
18918
28331
23910
13260
18482
23980
25516
26566
25836
39123
22000
19789
20863
20443
25750
24243
19274
29522
21426
17708
21790
18731
25945
21299
23612
20239
22024
21520
21336
20384
20050
NaturalJoinTimes: 
37937654
43780640
17579270
15326528
19308944
17054429
15249978
18373861
17065621
14098499
17451679
15678069
13557033
15627096
14216407
12830719
15556412
14623108
12944389
15365598
13835108
13523319
15434993
13648125
12253851
14036708
14072383
13165848
14454305
14133989
12729672
14561495
13485181
12663828
14077869
13968651
12417374
14532915
14363662
12520836
14372969
13720092
12768765
14463183
13363623
12327163
14515471
13881739
12287209
14381448
13308899
12222035
36431899
13466781
13157125
13618219
13171346
13175896
13857814
13169032
13330195
13605630
13709634
13504590
13848085
13085596
12943444
13797480
13692049
13116139
13529201
13182146
13346288
13985561
13353189
13132955
13862713
13554691
13427831
13835199
13670897
13452516
13843420
15051854
13444799
14050364
13723299
13734724
13982681
13149271
12984910
13687138
13448023
12958695
13616318
13235743
13074187
14066472
13170238
13142181
13616635
13230766
13375621
14251383
13787967
13434217
14060908
13472075
13671444
14328798
13770958
13821003
14701656
13963775
13887354
14319913
13799119
13027502
13926343
13507058
13522829
14207057
13430669
13219498
13887609
13377861
13317941
13731909
14112573
13091450
13648505
13121850
13363268
13605416
13473703
13126488
13442448
13252359
13157545
14631180
13747113
13610381
14291694
13627444
13880680
14594448
13849369
13549999
14287189
13795836
14753844
14358892
14052117
13181327
14631156
14211644
13601279
14192736
13699444
13526322
13990173
13701935
13849511
14231738
13648661
13693348
14498677
15118175
13413368
13958694
13648490
13593622
13999453
13876106
13647569
14344846
13945206
13836563
14210660
13657814
13620767
14135748
13590768
13544022
14311034
13707527
13562332
13992862
13691723
13430380
14020459
13786724
13576282
13996752
39729738
13664062
20947602
19922108
17632768
14990143
14383022
13860691
13829411
14398343
13582761
14268501
13331848
13467640
14589224
13643412
14273780
14169237
14367807
13717057
14187960
13733751
13869278
14243244
14963687
13312484
13682662
13809124
14045721
15334543
14017166
13740538
14238038
13805020
13729896
14177276
13766392
13725801
14051986
13679591
13803532
14236668
13642258
13699520
14392296
13700153
13566470
20720009
13650219
13487886
13927141
13449640
13805802
14163249
13730591
14035936
14248295
13796073
13938169
14244226
13693728
13759760
14225080
14022030
13641568
14328684
13833801
13714573
14310590
13739293
14924309
15011465
13654890
13668264
15158661
13878036
13701250
14145653
13759647
13845986
14272993
13859151
13691035
13868381
13232426
14308128
13946536
13283506
13760996
14512591
13838049
13980561
14272474
14094498
14060392
14648312
13908461
13861346
14324402
13628010
13616297
14525660
13507058
13742260
14498325
13761565
EquiJoinTimes: 
43515118
18043666
11946863
13182844
11817869
12941655
10991063
11828330
10951876
10246285
10127603
10217194
9783751
10792585
10251315
10336313
10091654
9817861
9512038
10336526
9334233
9823299
9889926
9923711
9304600
10364267
9424168
10590948
9855714
9878387
9965783
9853792
9298929
10369283
9818228
9860699
9460758
10421961
9528727
10406912
9505595
10339038
9509697
10417724
9475733
10043057
9672980
10040086
9570697
10191365
9428586
10360636
9651448
10338640
9488447
10489008
9469657
10377351
9527767
9996739
9470837
10024852
9555800
10056876
9304009
10170201
9628374
10172088
9350023
10399432
9516568
10506379
9628788
10544361
9744848
10662335
9725951
10717951
9471054
10196925
9514575
10369137
9612605
10518948
9684596
10153175
9654557
10432027
9708556
10452754
9358964
10261667
9350925
10005570
9699351
10559551
9639636
10578631
9566250
10648418
9692459
10742468
9816921
10863855
9622334
10519260
9514382
10461578
9541484
10482578
9554066
10440102
9585053
10777344
9537046
10519779
9502420
10528768
9745912
10791883
9765691
10645162
9799691
10626462
9638742
10483240
9542355
10689860
9501457
10443134
9636250
10257811
15633978
11013735
10025898
11322993
10541314
10425457
9533884
10570477
9622719
10539066
10173116
10516164
9622922
10553024
9682818
10805834
9703571
10662275
9818490
10744503
9702137
10553844
9695715
10525305
9757141
10377591
9721003
10392831
9641747
10614224
9712601
10380749
9573998
10245800
9594676
10668052
9682333
10582728
10109533
10475946
9660292
10435177
9499451
10501097
9557615
10750039
9558262
10451470
9601376
11030373
9604558
10578795
9598610
10479811
9499355
16049459
9436375
10660650
9827950
10690284
9711965
10575951
9620061
10587698
9783774
10594902
9521050
10497907
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 8 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:13:39 AM[0m
