[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 500 2[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 500
Number of tuples in Professor : 500
Number of tuples in Course : 500
Number of tuples in Teaching : 500
Number of tuples in Transcript : 500
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: [107644]
107644
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
4903465
497621
164288
97213
116751
173508
136772
87921
73471
74240
86154
67443
71151
127326
72439
61376
73512
67058
60858
81349
71794
55770
56265
53012
47929
59818
45467
48802
48273
63432
54923
53695
55724
53013
54321
63782
64842
61478
92343
32049
31258
33422
35817
32051
30857
29857
30304
31711
32155
37684
31425
29605
29734
32088
30997
30060
31021
29753
31719
32450
30769
29811
35561
31177
31334
29634
30222
29752
29833
29705
29789
40799
30186
29989
32023
31740
30240
30771
30017
32492
33403
30838
32574
31350
30497
30860
30007
33085
31614
30855
30542
32888
30826
30748
30616
31191
32197
30599
30901
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
14799
9151
8675
7870
7285
7659
8405
7598
7681
7289
7474
7783
13432
12538
6509
6778
6736
6312
6693
8039
6554
6646
13658
4864
4948
37990
3697
3088
10122
3782
3406
3197
3488
3550
11969
3054
3007
3038
3879
3126
3412
2870
3513
3349
3169
3331
3208
3053
3596
3346
3180
3458
3114
2899
3333
2943
3291
2846
3311
3330
3531
3127
3125
9415
3085
2908
2948
2695
2806
3510
3547
3155
2950
2936
3350
2918
3715
3296
3116
2756
3258
3311
3501
3229
3190
3160
3182
2984
3272
3011
3069
3252
3121
3232
3227
3009
2998
3235
3018
2962
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
120119
11015
9537
9818
11218
8976
13312
12901
11022
11147
12692
11444
12451
23138
11668
11084
11977
10303
12032
16830
13074
11970
22321
10190
11428
11946
45383
6672
14382
7027
7890
7968
6923
7876
14934
6118
6497
7778
7568
6366
5915
6578
6451
7894
9476
9009
8619
8581
10177
9693
10122
9376
9608
9426
8860
9504
8346
9496
9030
9993
10487
9386
9073
9407
10264
8811
9466
9001
9271
8206
9219
8959
9013
9146
8638
9288
9663
8840
9419
8972
9803
10217
10325
10205
9931
10119
10251
9521
9196
9522
9329
9121
10193
10535
9984
9531
10749
10586
9665
65262
NaturalJoinTimes: 
48857604
61049173
55406043
41600452
47944340
45681355
43831091
48612882
45670470
26204024
30814478
30310220
26536016
30059583
26602998
17831978
22018372
19804458
19251704
21783597
20412525
19723501
25582255
17641266
16491106
20787759
17241988
17088666
20219518
18214783
17149537
20873539
17296386
16643416
20792231
17377148
17044380
21061650
17640932
17265321
19781559
16947259
16177177
19856436
16834601
13826690
15929009
14865971
13920511
15669769
14385391
13209765
15895365
14172101
12766698
14976599
14319410
13483848
14489790
14422815
13435519
14928417
13771078
32447418
15156546
14134903
14016400
14716266
14056847
13786249
14424258
13918826
13880922
14877287
13921851
13868035
14544439
13966411
13964680
14523539
13862762
13943114
15160784
14127592
13754644
14305150
14231101
13997195
14418592
13867083
13897735
14600800
13864909
13873625
15340062
13825619
13714294
14354077
14108880
13799049
14149811
13873015
13523041
14191692
13664232
13532689
14003641
13559988
13419867
13988404
13767171
13817718
14415245
13968661
13481395
14276332
13664369
13434482
14173941
13588224
13413441
14227749
13704927
13492932
14069751
13904320
13446428
14262416
13711888
13299928
13808493
13444878
13243717
13857569
13495349
13257017
13790488
13484735
13264234
14009817
13551404
13413281
13962409
13433562
13383870
13914316
13545483
13400283
13922997
13738755
13462779
13860255
13537558
13278181
13856465
13494099
13276383
13918269
13609354
13307690
13879497
13841815
13442087
13835063
13557536
13271233
13776773
13438639
13427244
13876300
13507780
13883328
14289268
13502637
13378990
13887308
13573616
13442281
13833969
13512632
13270900
13862099
13515785
13255767
13994504
13468864
13365114
13794233
13458245
13264232
13888764
13426920
13435228
13889428
13548363
13272189
13851924
13529029
13258012
13837969
13561530
13466632
13891681
13505161
13292545
13874644
13472301
13310633
13872908
13570219
13426709
13876512
13491917
13352383
13878701
13600543
13462795
13869841
13444460
13343897
13836737
13440372
13381615
13864464
13482393
13405575
13871029
13563524
13395093
13877501
13446949
13520078
13875248
13433259
13212969
13821244
13540000
13323833
13894376
13466574
26966588
14093714
13565375
13730802
13987946
13583960
13746870
14110426
13651133
13722417
13942913
13568755
13681784
14020497
13731205
13674860
13987889
13538947
13645933
14053971
13623082
13678441
14069972
13616581
13658546
13942922
13634623
13746465
14020553
13572928
13671437
14036794
13586995
13909209
13851860
13699091
13682730
14144807
13559744
13700180
13895532
13574064
13764755
13946985
13608737
13711439
14035762
13622054
13766994
13964273
13749000
13682934
13989920
13545761
13697604
13945849
13945326
13644129
14067373
13653692
EquiJoinTimes: 
68556506
47760280
34862002
39403088
32823746
40213132
33632729
25768699
20470154
20834190
16691663
16117393
15930034
15253907
15961028
15416011
12504122
13304849
13250893
12830732
12585104
12692995
12603910
13366014
13334515
12677936
12265090
12278969
12213635
13029499
11534862
11013512
10079445
10505782
10096408
11102656
10676161
10155412
9863122
10044028
9619458
10020368
9586810
10020044
10088526
10220783
10041083
10122369
9948853
10174646
10075589
10193640
10003271
10205714
10087619
10215425
9841656
10067884
10031769
10164569
9962175
10121489
9920950
10149924
9963784
10114605
9858639
10123408
9901236
10043075
9764371
10057782
9818252
10061767
9822808
10027873
9838312
10035478
9950773
9981498
9751443
10079501
9794088
9900339
9707511
10258136
9711327
9916373
9625736
9897425
9615863
9813776
9640247
9969481
9674723
9933825
9736326
9913969
9616764
9885929
9847869
9898431
9709007
9947762
9611165
10012602
9668820
9891367
9778671
9870822
9642407
9952779
9661802
9827630
9717168
9842973
9663244
9955152
9792843
10048727
9626023
9924815
9607182
9878396
9814002
9917955
9615066
9897366
9610818
9893604
9621547
9945709
9628986
9787014
9615702
9813784
9609624
9847547
9627318
9937556
9650776
9869683
10476770
9889504
9770945
9863235
9627227
9990780
9625178
9950717
9744064
9839818
9645750
9941796
9753867
9920440
9653742
9910409
9694946
9894591
9683910
9936840
9423895
9820911
9494110
9926743
9393108
9891426
9391936
9839915
9394986
9842545
9347218
9712505
9465736
9964953
9489582
9799915
9356236
9825334
9367398
10039453
9471208
9841990
9355243
9799051
9473394
9732434
9360346
9833547
9366331
9726441
9375824
9831920
9469916
9940535
9364527
9966116
9478686
9827570
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 10 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 3:54:20 PM[0m
