[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mSet current project to root-4370-6370-project-two-w-sbt (in build file:/home/nick/6370/Proj2/4370-6370-Project-Two-w-SBT/)[0m
[0m[[0minfo[0m] [0mRunning cs4370.TestTupleGenerator 500 2[0m
Number of tuples in Student : 500
Number of tuples in Professor : 500
Number of tuples in Course : 500
Number of tuples in Teaching : 500
Number of tuples in Transcript : 500
Timing selects on primary keys
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to successful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
adding to unsuccessful professor
adding to unsuccessful teaching
SuccessTimesTeaching: [85270]
85270
UnSuccessTimesTeaching: 
4573929
499676
157430
87623
94015
89183
86079
81562
84391
86077
89807
86798
85185
527031
89512
79975
82150
81688
89127
79346
67517
90006
72662
69488
68812
63952
68371
65686
74580
73286
74348
74636
70416
69048
71331
77857
71356
72875
71534
74342
70896
70628
67536
73707
299868
75089
72054
73724
71994
87535
75828
74323
69540
68839
72398
97509
76025
67016
67771
74712
68292
68156
64589
68837
67174
65216
66629
72702
69386
67735
64878
73048
67000
72708
70556
78135
70484
67875
66180
67691
64349
73796
70035
67091
78747
64746
63440
71064
67974
65271
103601
68061
70754
74677
84800
102068
72997
77629
81906
SuccessTimesProfessor: 
UnSuccessTimesProfessor: 
18810
8562
7548
7691
8579
7616
7931
7714
7707
7710
7333
8244
16126
7172
7430
8067
7740
7584
6375
7227
7389
6268
7110
6151
6105
31093
4735
4555
4426
5593
5410
5556
7325
6364
6641
6442
8512
6433
6480
6018
6066
6219
6117
5752
6004
6922
6106
6263
6174
6728
7036
7445
4734
3721
3725
4008
3800
4091
3611
3703
3866
3517
4027
11462
4279
3339
3481
3419
3952
3350
3454
4751
3412
3915
3983
4139
3915
4440
3796
3798
3597
3738
3972
4010
3385
4013
3695
3520
4455
3609
3550
3708
3906
3977
3703
4034
4190
4093
4409
4481
SuccessTimesStudent: 
UnSuccessTimesStudent: 
130386
18506
10741
10892
14287
12066
10457
12061
17057
13155
13575
18315
14336
13518
13992
13316
13622
11640
12447
14406
12899
10783
14542
10014
10979
10107
46437
7669
8456
8957
9447
10174
11252
9058
8491
9846
9246
8559
8562
9562
10380
8750
8657
10153
10367
12457
11439
10818
11503
9955
13092
67384
9572
9909
9539
11400
8968
10177
9290
10498
10999
9398
8460
8336
9436
8689
9505
9714
9673
9441
8932
8786
8624
9374
9427
9824
10639
10263
10042
10445
8716
9843
9302
9327
9336
11668
9153
9215
10367
9320
10094
8752
10077
8997
9397
10371
12411
10108
10910
12407
NaturalJoinTimes: 
56759649
48094323
19423565
17323552
21123051
18113723
16697247
20028367
17472226
16362033
20419355
18179905
16358347
20010591
18034420
17255771
19463001
18260738
16222457
19880446
17034914
16547798
18992724
17148636
15638903
17939269
17013291
15043937
18682008
16135314
15102697
18322424
16724885
16564464
18644873
16759971
15091137
18446483
16472814
16267900
18538313
16124327
15839161
17887137
16783013
15713269
18609928
16036838
17307708
21042671
18428196
17946853
20585241
18802171
17314157
20999486
18872716
17161689
21741493
18290944
18677746
20558058
18306052
18587074
20693790
19083890
18598682
20491812
18221450
18538263
20634831
18568428
18628079
20443938
18285675
19051485
20465117
18430498
18615976
20541082
18334021
18746443
20638096
18415892
19509077
21112383
18858453
19409426
21168277
19773444
19116621
21697983
19034595
22661657
25840308
22556580
21962349
25736542
21628977
21871062
26891919
22091852
21800297
25977043
21727429
21638222
27531340
21503910
21740391
25845544
21248663
21700114
25921497
21541140
21763127
26155852
21395445
21778370
25826136
21504336
21775457
26822236
21437968
21682616
26024179
21365463
21653705
26019873
22054042
21657823
25798496
21406949
21789859
25816279
21820261
21850836
25746435
21405330
21658139
25758381
21422250
22183441
25977916
21464781
21588230
25740594
21318887
22686007
27580611
22826732
22239850
27321448
23174595
23952657
27951852
22817255
18673335
20171319
18042383
17896543
19272049
17633013
18195253
19965992
18445710
17817847
19289092
17636105
18049550
19187889
17588086
17928234
19066617
17494479
18139239
18951967
17520361
17784888
19141547
18819639
17853106
19057748
17606868
17736848
19086973
17412575
17746547
19192119
17463272
17885380
19094140
17437600
17912545
19165086
17439327
18404585
19305722
17650978
17759069
19063086
17544664
17807825
19137457
18230937
17759405
19157782
17454007
17820668
18970760
17675494
18464833
19089574
17501604
17779728
19113342
17674468
18395911
19662313
18321741
18625571
19843491
18159753
18574024
19718521
18383989
18346788
19658556
18131235
18943449
20455218
18166229
17745230
19153935
17403591
17743055
19964768
17641927
17542553
19013511
17458997
17936265
18924001
17463789
18007961
20387843
18613094
20577362
18959831
17308174
17858848
18895151
17365431
17557685
18996223
18458278
17564591
18935871
17468649
18298653
19171562
17413650
17874666
19120329
17802807
17623618
18959744
17754247
17559435
19883770
17529083
17579830
19045113
17572354
18344918
19028178
17916060
18171134
19794993
17919712
18397763
19574618
18275450
18505257
19682122
17933490
20114120
21862599
19612289
19411718
21782089
19415300
19325732
20976007
19166920
19548970
20281945
18778102
19256571
20519664
19037074
EquiJoinTimes: 
43452134
31421411
14106671
13737729
12566343
12831228
12862382
13658642
13883044
13387372
12761550
12921879
12701290
13320516
13619701
13605776
11943523
12284224
11832563
12952657
12323686
12540101
11977520
12219668
11865499
12773188
12572310
12321557
11900755
12311895
11803276
12815663
12312248
13630414
13530510
13402375
13045213
14066185
13026723
13920943
13097025
44262975
13076945
13498654
13128774
13575093
13199925
13587877
13191542
13575547
13147678
13555739
13143259
13579379
13838698
13594057
13056220
13354509
13729048
13826564
13619723
14215978
13778489
16417318
16496877
16025276
15700226
15685345
15772744
15784646
15664717
15718026
15478856
15761682
15536771
15592193
15944962
17381799
15634303
15662544
15509296
15441396
15509075
15683080
15444640
15796438
15573449
15729629
15531830
15669678
15974815
15790159
15351461
15939764
15350961
15757961
15374750
15702615
15446732
15808755
15883743
16833784
16096213
16798722
13640168
13780863
12721301
13255134
12636986
13223988
12589875
13135184
12707202
13150058
13460124
12943030
12424699
12983892
12536693
13049078
13204370
13056054
12448014
12911091
12571851
13040237
13261838
13220172
12534548
12969372
12467351
12965064
12564079
12920038
12902692
12957701
12499366
12977222
12468381
12964256
12529433
12875511
12584646
12929288
12553820
12846101
12753945
13513452
13025425
13364037
13007160
38708746
13489733
14485663
13217373
12879342
12462649
13061856
12527764
12818738
12878150
12827273
12632561
12833056
13199520
12626197
12505096
12704659
12551925
12921860
12705788
12890977
12530079
12929152
12525488
12687012
13070879
12894293
12609107
12703934
12443732
12746914
12500116
13492530
13070304
13617822
12862349
13347301
12859718
13054572
13090094
13791396
13545099
13912562
13824977
14041125
13587245
13886193
13540280
13658187
[0m[[32msuccess[0m] [0mTotal time: 10 s, completed Oct 9, 2016 10:13:26 AM[0m
